{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I\'92d spent the better part of the day at the County Assessor's office. There was only one official road into the mine where Bobby found our truck. It was a winding, poorly maintained but paved road that crossed the river bottom in several places. It was flanked by gullies, thick with Palo Verde trees, Ironwoods, and Joshua. The mine was seven miles in from the main road.\
The maps showed a utility service trail that ran parallel to the ol' Mine Road, but was a straight shot, cutting out almost four miles. I made a mental note to check that out.\
On my way back to the house, an SRP crew worked at the entrance to the utility service trail. I pulled over across the street and hopped out.\
"Hey there," I said to the workers. They looked up and nodded. I recognized one of the men. 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 at Aiden\'92s welcome home party. //todo/did we have a party?
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0  \
"You\'92re Sammy, right? We met at Aiden\'92s place last week." \
"Yeah, I remember you. What you doing out here?" Sammy stepped away from the crew towards me. \
"My house is a mile or so that way. I noticed your trucks here and wondered what's happening. Our power's been glitchy, you know, flickering, and outages and stuff. 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 Flickering, and outages and all that." //Todo make sure this happens earlier in story 
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0 \
"Yeah, seems to be getting worse, we're checking it out," said Sammy. "Something's causing a lot of power surges." \
"You maintain this trail?" I looked past him, down the dirt trail under the big power lines. \
He turned to look at the trail with me. "SRP does, yeah, but that\'92s a different crew. I only work on the electrical part of things."\
"Sure looks clean. Nothing like the Ol' Mine Road." \
"They clear the brush eight feet on either side to keep the lines out of any fires around here. Doesn\'92t always work, but usually helps." \
"Can anyone use this trail? Like regular people?" \
"Regular people?" Sammy laughed. "If you mean folks who don\'92t work for SRP, then no, they shouldn\'92t be using it. But people do anyway."\
"What for?" \
"Mostly, raising hell. Kids on their three-wheelers\'96\'96that kind of thing. Sometimes we get coyotes in the middle of the night transporting illegals, and who knows what else. Our cameras catch them." He lifted his eyes to the top of a nearby pole."\
"Three-wheelers." It got me thinking. \
"Why the interest?" Sammy asked. \
"No reason. Like I said, saw your trucks. Hey, you know anyone that owns a three-wheeler? Sounds fun." I tried to sound casual. \
"Yea, so do you," Sammy said, "Aiden." \
"Really? I didn\'92t know that. I doubt he\'92s raising hell, anywhere." We both laughed. \
"I better get back to work. Good to see you again." Sammy headed back to the SRP crew huddled around the truck tailgate. \
I crossed the road and jumped back into the truck, but instead of home, I made a u-turn and headed back to town. \
As I drove up to The Corner Store, I noticed the gold dually truck in the first spot out front. I parked next to it. As I got out, I casually peered into the cab. Damn thing was tricked out: dash was trimmed in gold, the door handles, buttons, and vents\'96\'96all gold.\
I didn\'92t want Aiden\'92s Pa making a scene because I was in the store, so I snuck into the alley to hang-out until Aiden came outside to take a break, or toss the trash. The back door was propped open with a cinder block. I slipped behind the door, and sat on a crate, waiting. Two men were talking, one was Jeb, and the other voice I didn\'92t recognize. Jeb sounded more ornery than usual. \
"We need to pick up the pace to 250 this week," demanded the stranger. \
"250? Who's gonna believe my little store did $250k? Hell, the Walmart probably didn\'92t bring in that yet." \
"What do you care? You\'92ll get your cut," the stranger sniped. "The vendor invoices and the cash register receipts will back it up as usual."\
Who was this guy? I cocked my head trying to catch a glimpse of him. As I did, the crate shifted enough to make a slight noise. The conversation inside stopped, as did my breathing.\
"Aiden is that you?" Jeb yelled. Footsteps approached the back door. I froze. The door opened a few inches. "Anyone there\'96\'96," Jeb hollered. \
"You need me, Pa?" Aiden asked from the far side of the room. Jeb released the door, which banged against the block. I exhaled. \
"Glad you\'92re here. Our 
\f2\i friend
\f0\i0  here says we need to up it to $250 this week." \
"Wow, uh, okay," Aiden responded, "What brought this on, if I can ask?" \
"Tunnel\'92s open for business, boys, keep up, or get out." Just as the stranger said, 'get out' he stepped into my line of sight. He'd been at Jeb\'92s store before, sitting in the back room at a table working on the books. He was unmistakable with this dark blue suit and pressed, white, tabbed collar shirt offset by his dark nose hair, a gold front tooth, pocked skin, and unwashed white-man\'92s dreadlocks dangling past his shoulders. He wore two gaudy gold chains around his neck over his designer tie, gold cuff-links the size of a quarter that looked like a gold version of somebody\'92s family crest, a gold watch with the face the size of a silver dollar studded with diamonds, and one gold stud earning in his left ear. Man, this guy had a thing for gold. Even the tattoos that jutted out from under his cuffs, and up from his collar were done in gold. He looked like some weird transformer evolved from the clothes of the Godfather, the hair of Marshawn Lynch, [ML didn't play until 2007, need one who played in 2000 with dreadlocks.] 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 [//todo need player from early 2000]
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0  the jewelry of a Mr. T from the 80\'92s TV show, the teeth and skin of a Hells Angles member, and tattoos any death-row inmate would envy. No doubt he was the owner of the that gold Ford dually truck. \
"Yeah sure, we\'92ll keep our end of the bargain." Aiden said. "Come on, Pa, let\'92s get back to work." \
Footsteps faded away, and the room went silent.\
\
As I waited for Aiden to come out, I played Gold-man\'92s words over and over. So this was how The Corner Store\'92s revenue doubled each month. The revenue wasn't real, but the bank deposits were. They were laundering money for the Cartel. That explains their books. But Aiden's reaction was so calm, so agreeable. Jeb at least sounded angry. Aiden was in on it with them. Was this why he came back?\
I couldn\'92t think about that. Finding Ma was my priority. I\'92d deal with Aiden later. Bee should have listened to me, Aiden is no good for her. \
Waiting in silence, my plan emerged. The three-wheeler idea was gaining traction. I\'92d get as close to the mine using the utility trail; the Ol' Mine Road was too busy with workers and Cartel bosses. A half a mile out, I\'92d hide the bike in the brush and head in on foot.\
Startled by the back door swinging open, I jumped out of its way before it hit me. \
"What the heck?" Aiden said. \
"Hey, hoping I\'92d catch you," I said, trying to sound carefree. \
"How long have you been there?" Aiden looked serious, glancing back inside. \
"Just got here." I bit my tongue.\
"What\'92s up." \
"Nothing. You know." I should have thought of what I'd say. "Hey listen." I tried to gather my thoughts.\
"You\'92re acting weird," Aiden glanced back at the door.\
"Sorry. I wondered if I could borrow your three-wheeler." \
"My ATV? Why?" asked Aiden.\
"No reason. We\'92re not planting the fields, and I've got the time, and it's something I've wanted to do." \
Aiden\'92s brow tightened as his eyes seemed to search for something in my face. "So, you\'92ve given up on the idea of looking for your Ma? To have fun and all. Why the dramatic change of heart?" \
I shrugged my shoulders. \
Aiden squinted at me. "Okay. But on one condition," said Aiden. \
"What\'92s that?" \
"You stay off the Ol' Mine Road." \
"Yeah, sure," I responded. \
"Really, Suzie. I\'92m serious. I\'92ll know if you\'92re on it."\
"I bet."\
"What\'92s that supposed to mean?" said Aiden.\
"Nothing. I'm being a smart-aleck. So? Can I use it?"\
"I 
\f2\i will
\f0\i0  know. I installed a LoJack after those thefts last year on campus." \
I looked to the ground. \
"You agree to stay off Ol' Mine Road."\
"All right already. Yes, I agree." I threw my hands up in the air. "Now, can I use it?" \
"Let me get the keys." Aiden eased back inside. A minute later, he held out the keys. "It\'92s behind my house, under the lean-to." Aiden pulled back the keys. "You even know how to ride it?" \
I hadn\'92t thought about that. "Well, the way I figure it, if I can ride Ol\'92 Misery, I can ride any thing." I snatched the keys from his hand. "Thanks. I\'92ll get it back to you in a few days," I yelled back as I rounded the building, jogging to my truck. \
 \
 \
}