{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Two pieces of paper sat in front of me on the table: a letter Pa had written to Ma years ago, and a black page I used to practice writing in Pa's hand. After an hour, I penned the real note. \

\f1\i  I warned you. The dry cleaners is just the first. Return Susan and Bee XXX, to the diner by noon, 
\f2\i0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f1\i [//todo/timeline - deliver Ma and Bee by noon at the diner] 
\f2\i0 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f1\i or your laundering sites will be washed away. Any retribution will be met with outing your stash house, and the tunnel.
\f0\i0  
\f2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 [//Todo/need something earlier that is specific to David, so when referenced in the 2
\fs16 \super nd
\fs24 \nosupersub  threat, they believe it's David.]
\f2 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0 \
I enlisted Angel Romero to drop the note in Gold-man's truck out at the mine. Angel had been working a the mine to help support his Ma and his sister after his Pa's disappearance. He had suspected the Cartel has something to do with his Pa going missing. His Ma didn't know a thing, thought Angel was working at the gas station's midnight shift. Although they did need the money, Angel had really signed-on with the Cartel hoping to find his Pa, or at least find out what happened to him. Last week, Maricela, his sister, had followed me out of the Corner Store and begged me to stop Angel. She was terrified she'd lose him too. \
Earlier today, I offered to pay him to drop the note and set off the truck's alarm, ensuring Gold-man would run out and find the note right away. He flatly refused the cash. Now, with the note in hand, he left like a man on a mission. \
 \
 The side door opened. Angel strutted in. "It worked. Mo charged out of the motorhome as soon as his truck alarm started blaring. He was mad," Angel laughed. "Took him a while to see the note, but after he read it, I thought he was going to have a heart attack." \
"Yeah, I bet," I smiled, visualizing Mo squirming. "Wonder what surprised them most, that it mentioned the other stores, the stash houses, or the tunnel?" \
"El Brutal and Bobby followed Mo out. Mo shouted at Bobby, 'You know anything about this?'" Angel did his best Mo impression puffing up his chest, standing on a chair to look bigger, and lower his voice two octaves, "and you should have seen Bobby's face, he went white. And get this," Angel gasped for air, "Bobby told Mo that it looked like had David wrote it. We couldn't have planned it better."\
"That's great. I thought it would take them a while to put that together," I said mapping out the new timeline in my mind. \
"You sure stirred up a hornets nest. Are you sure about this?" asked Angel. \
"Never more sure," I said as I gather my things. "I'll be on watch at the diner. Out of sight, but on watch. They've gotta return Ma and Bee now." \
"Yeah, maybe." The concern in Angel's voice was clear. "But what if they only return your Ma?" \
"Why would you say that?" \
Angel shrugged. \
"Listen you did a great job, thanks, but I'm not going to think that way." \
\
\
\
}