{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Tribal news}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 Traveller\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Perch}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 January 20, 2099}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Even 20 light years away, Raefe\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s sadness weighed heavily on Far Flier. Unlike the humans, her species had nothing like crying, no cathartic release of emotions. Yet her limbs felt heavy. She imagined that this feeling kept her airborne ancestors from taking flight, keeping them hidden in nooks and crannies on the high cliffs until the feeling passed, until they felt confident enough to soar out into the open air. And here she was, she might as well be hidden in her quarters in this sparsely settled quarter of Traveller\u8217\'92s Perch, far from the Guardian complex, far even from her lover Diver\u8217\'92s quarters. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 That had been Far Flier\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s idea. In the wake of the Warren cabal\u8217\'92s defeat on Earth, Adno had exposed Hankori\u8217\'92s role. But Adno had underestimated the rot that infected the Guardian Council. While Green and others had, at the last minute, helped sabotage Hankori\u8217\'92s plans, they remained aligned with him. Fundamentally, they liked his immortality plan, just not him. During the crisis, Adno had won their help in undoing the plot and she had expected that afterwards, they would collaborate in removing Hankori. Instead, they had used their knowledge of Hankori\u8217\'92s plans to force him to share greater power with them. Far Flier had become their scapegoat, Adno next down the list of those who would be blamed. So she had made a public show of distancing herself from Diver to spare her from retribution. At first Diver had been hurt, but they had resumed their life together out of the spotlight, and Diver had come to understand that for the moment they had little choice but to fly this path inside the clouds.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 So it was Flier who took the risks to tangle with the Earthers, although it was often using the wavelengths and techniques that Adno had taught them. In their arrogance, the Guardian Council had not bothered to learn these methods, thinking Flier and her allies now irrelevant. She would use the same wavelengths later in the day to tangle with Diver and let her feel what Raefe was going through. But there seemed little they could do about it for the moment.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Still, I must try,\u8221\'94 she felt Diver say, her thoughts coming as a surprise. \u8220\'93I cannot do nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You were listening? I did not sense you,\u8221\'94 Far Flier said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You forget that I was the first to entangle with Raefe,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93Even now, he does not always know how to control his thoughts in the waveform. The pathways that Adno showed us often contain his mind reaching out to connect to all sorts of people. I usually ignore it, but you, too, could feel how obviously distressed he his. It was me who set him on this path. As a Guardian, I cannot help him. As a person, I must.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This was the Diver she had always loved. Still, she worried.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And as a Guardian, you must not do too much\u8221\'94 she said, more of a request than a question. \u8220\'93Intervening has its own perils.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93If I were rescuing a person in a burning building, you wouldn\u8217\'92t warn me that they might fall off a cliff next year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93True. But what if they believed that their whole town was responsible for the fire and then tried to kill them all?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What if, what if. What if they were going to make a great discovery had they lived? Two can play that game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Flier felt her ferocity and was hurt by it.  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You are right,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You are saying that we should choose life when we have the chance. In time, you will see that I am not just being an old woman about this \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the path you are considering is not always safe. But what is, I suppose? You will be careful?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Always,\u8221\'94 Diver responded. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Flier sighed. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, then, good luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It had been almost 20 years since Diver had been stripped of her ambassadorship. Since then, she had been reassigned to a variety of minor duties within the Guardian organization. Really, what were the major duties for the Guardians anymore? Other than Hankori\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s team working on his immortality project, no one seemed very interested in searching for new species, or even keeping up with the dozen or so on their watch list. If Adno\u8217\'92s people weren\u8217\'92t continuing to do that on their own, Diver doubted it would be happening at all. Her only consolation for her separation from  Anti and Mari, their children, was that at least they were still helping Adno\u8217\'92s school in their secret work as unofficial ambassadors.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She needed to talk to Mari. It wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t hard to find her in the waveform.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Mom, is something wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No. And yes,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93Not with me or Flier. Well, no more than the usual. But Raefe\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I felt it too,\u8221\'94 Mari said. \u8220\'93He grows weak in his resolve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93True,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93but that\u8217\'92s not  what\u8217\'92s bothering me. He\u8217\'92s old, you know. Humans are short-lived. You have not known anyone who has died \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  it\u8217\'92s so rare among us. But with them, they can see the end. They are tired, but sometimes they also relax. Think of how you feel when you take a long flight over the water and can see land on your way back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see what you mean,\u8221\'94 Mari said. \u8220\'93Sometimes I just let the winds glide me back, even if it takes a bit longer. After a long trip, what\u8217\'92s a few more minutes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it must be something like that,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93Not that I would really know either. But I have watched them for a long time, and I have seen it happen in other humans as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not much you can do about it, is there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Him growing old? Not unless I want to repeat Hankori\u8217\'92s plot with Everywhere, no. But that\u8217\'92s not what\u8217\'92s bothering me about Raefe. I believe that he is disheartened for another reason. He has lost belief that humans can change. He doesn\u8217\'92t know it yet, but that idea is starting to bubble up inside him and that dawning awareness is beginning to crush him. His empathic abilities have always had a downside \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  depression \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  and I fear he will spend his remaining days overcome by it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ay! That would be so tragic, in so many ways. Do you see a way out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I did. I have not entangled fully with him since returning to Traveller\u8217\'92s Perch. I known only what leaks into the waveform, not his full mind. I don\u8217\'92t really know what the knot of it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Are you thinking of contacting him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Diver sighed. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m thinking of it. I guess that was what I needed to talk with you about. Am I crazy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Of course! You love to dive off cliffs and hunt your own food,\u8221\'94 Mari said, letting Diver  feel her smile. \u8220\'93And your idea of being sane is asking your exiled daughter, who flies as a scout for a giant school of marine people on a world with only one small island, if this is a good idea. We both know that you will fly this path, that you only search for the best currents to glide on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Diver laughed for the first time in awhile. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How did I wind up with such a smart daughter! I will not speak of this lightly though. Don\u8217\'92t worry if you don\u8217\'92t hear me mention it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Understood. Please give father mother my love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And you to Anti. But I think it best you not speak of this to Adno. She would only want to help and I don\u8217\'92t want her to risk that.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Diver lay in their bed, curled in a semicircle opposite Flier, who was still asleep. Several days had passed since her talk with Mari. Contrary to her daughter\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s image of her, Diver had become quite cautious in the wake of all that had happened. She felt the long, calm energy of Flier, even in sleep. Flier had lived nearly three times longer than her, and in those 800 additional years had reached the pinnacle of their society, been cast down unfairly, changed sex and given birth. Diver thought that the last 20 years must have felt like diving from the highest cliff on Traveller\u8217\'92s Perch and seeing nothing but rocks below. Yet if Flier seemed often sad and a bit aimless, she also seemed to have gained an inner steadiness. She wished deeply that Flier had a purpose to put that steadiness to. Flier had been her guide star in the night and she wished that it was still so, that they could return to those days of purpose and adventure.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 But she would have to find her own way on this journey. She would tell Flier soon enough, but only when she had made sense of what came next. She let Flier sleep and rose quietly. It was time.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She walked out of their door, down the small path that wound through their little village. No one else here had anything to do with the Guardians. They mostly worked in the small fruit growing farms on the hillside, minding the genetics, monitoring the robot pickers, checking whether the farm was unduly influencing the wild surroundings. Flier had become interested in that and some days she volunteered to wander the area, looking for signs of disruption. As a result, Flier had learned of many wonderful little nooks and crannies of the region that were rarely frequented and she often like to hike with Diver to them.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 But today she didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t have the patience for a long hike. She stopped at Cliff Nest\u8217\'92s small restaurant where their lane joined the main path through the village and had a quick breakfast of berry tea and some melon steaks.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Off to work?\u8217\'92 Cliff Nest asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not today,\u8221\'94 Diver replied. \u8220\'93Off for a fly. Heard anything about the winds?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, good today,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Just one sun this morning. Steady off the water, deep into the hills. Want something for later?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She thought of using her enhancements to synthesize energy from the gravity field, but thought the better of it. She would do it the old way. It was probably nonsense, but sometimes she felt it was easier to empathize with Raefe if she kept things closer to his way of life.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That would be nice. Just a little something for the trip.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He gave her some dried fruits and some smoked fish for her lunch. She slid them into the pouch in her flight suit and walked off to her favorite launch point, a large boulder on top of the biggest hill outside the village. Her mind was clear now. She could even feel the simple thoughts of her ancient bird cousins as they glided on the winds around the village. Soon she was among them, feeling the warmth of Prime on her back and the steady push of a thermal as she left the village at her tail and headed inland, past the farms, toward the wilds. She could feel other people working in the orchards and kept going until she felt no more minds nearby.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She found a natural grove just inside the wilds. A circle of large boulders stood in the middle of a thick stand of fruit trees that were being rested from cultivation. No one was allowed in the wilds unless they had a purpose like Flier\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s inspections, but this was close enough to give her privacy. And, she realized, a kind of peace of mind. She wanted that for her time with Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She remembered her training, settling her mind, her breathing, finding the doors in her mind, opening them up to feel the energy of life. She let it wash over her, life a warm rain on her feathers, washing away the grime, letting her colors shine, but more importantly, allowing her to be more accepting. It wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t hard to find him, like seeing an old friend in a crowd. She hesitated, wondering if he would know her after all of these years. Would he be angry that she had never contacted him after Hankori\u8217\'92s plot failed? She sighed, thinking there was only one way to find out. She let her mind flow out  into the waveform and touch his.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hello, old friend,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Is that\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he began to ask.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, your old Martian friend,\u8221\'94 she said. Her paranoia wanted him to not say her name, nor she his, and so she alluded to the Mars Girl personna she had first used with him, hoping he would remember.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what to say,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I had forgotten what your mind is like. Are you well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Much like you, I suspect,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93Life can be complicated.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see,\u8221\'94 he said, and she could feel that he had absorbed the subtext of her comment. \u8220\'93Complicated indeed. But here we are, me an old man and you, perhaps at loose ends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 What a quaint phrase, she thought. She had forgotten that humans like things \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93tied up,\u8221\'94 not too loose. She\u8217\'92d have thought that their short lives would lead to the opposite conclusion. After all, very little could happen in the 70 or so years they lived that would be definite \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  it would all ebb and flow, twist and turn, for centuries. Even for her people, change was a series of shifting tides, as she had found out.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Perceptive as always, my old friend,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Things have been difficult here \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  I think you know some of the story and it hasn\u8217\'92t changed that much. Most of your old friends here have, to use your phrase, been fired. And the new management isn\u8217\'92t interested in your project, if you catch my meaning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I can feel your caution, so I will not ask for details, although part of me wants to know where the hell you have been for the last 20 years. So I will only ask, what brings you to this moment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Why am I contacting you, that\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s what you want to know, she realized, and I don\u8217\'92t really know. She dug deep and opened herself partly to him, letting him feel that she was saddened by his despair, by the prospect that he might die soon, and that she would have sent him down this path and then left him to find his own way. But he should know, even if they had been in touch daily, she would never have been able to hold his hand throughout the entire process. Still, she was a bad friend to him, she realized, to have not given him at least emotional support.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t say I haven\u8217\'92t missed out chats,\u8221\'94 he replied, \u8220\'93and Lina has too. In truth, I have had all the emotional support a man could want from her and my wonderful children and so many people in Everywhere. You know what that the Citizens of Everywhere are, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She was embarrassed that he would even ask. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, our watery friend kept me informed about your doings back then. We were both very impressed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I think we were all so impressed that we pulled it off, that we thought it would sweep the globe like a warm breeze, gently moving everything in its path. Like some benevolent magnetic field aligning everyone. Instead, we seem to have stalled out. And meanwhile, our climate crisis deepens, and with it, the human toll mounts. And with that, empathy sometimes seems too much to ask. Just this week, my greatest accomplishment was in getting some people not to kill others. Not to stop hating, not to stop depriving others of food or water or shelter \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  just the most basic don\u8217\'92t kill them. That\u8217\'92s what it\u8217\'92s come to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She felt his memories of what he was referring to and she could see that he had felt like a man standing on a slippery rock in the middle of a raging river, hoping not to be swept this way or that by the current. And that it had left him profoundly weary.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You are so strong!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93When you see yourself surrounded by raging waters that threaten you on all sides, also remember that you have parted those waters, made them flow around you. Not just you, but all of you in Everywhere and all those who are doing similar things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You take such a long view,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Even on the days when I feel like a rock, I\u8217\'92m aware of the water wearing me down. Someday I will be sand, dissolved in the river. Do you know what that feels like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He had never asked her that question before. She was always the teacher, he the student.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93you are right. I have much to learn from you, I see now. Because here too we have had humbling experiences, we are dealing with some of the same forces. Not on the scale and scope, not as dominant across our worlds. But we are, I fear, even less prepared than you feel, because we had long deluded ourselves that the past was dead and buried. Yet here we are, among my people, facing corruption and the threat of being caught up in totally insane schemes. Things do move slower here, so we have time to learn, time to repair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I had no idea,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I thought you had just lost interest in our silly little world. Adno tried to explain it all to us, but we weren\u8217\'92t that interested, I have to say. Problems of our own, I guess. It\u8217\'92s hard to empathize with people you\u8217\'92ve never seen or touched, people who are just a dream that happens when you\u8217\'92re awake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it is,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It has been for all people we have ever met, on any planet. Maybe it\u8217\'92s not an ironclad rule, but all intelligent life we have found has evolved to deal the world in front of it. Yes, we can imagine, we can conjure up images, write equations that describe things. But we live in the world in front of us, more than anything, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do we? I talk to people every day who don\u8217\'92t want to live in the world in front of them. They want to live in a world that probably never existed, a world they imagine that happened before they were born, or in a world that will never happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 A world that will never happen, she thought, isn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t that where Hankori is taking us?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Impossible dreams, yes, we have them, too, that also distract from our real tasks\u8221\'94 she said to Raefe. \u8220\'93If Far Flier were with us, I know he would have something very wise to say about that. He\u8217\'92s 1,200 years old, you know. Gives you a lot of perspective. And now it is me who realizes how I have missed our little chats. Your species has much less time than mine for self delusion \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  urgency can clarify. Maybe we can find our ways together?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She felt him startle.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea of how I can help you,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but if you think so\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93More like I feel so,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I think we worry so much that we\u8217\'92ll give you some technical secret you\u8217\'92re world is not ready to handle that we forget that you are intelligent, living beings who have your own perspective. Not more or less, just different. And difference always holds the promise of revelation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She realized that she had not yet come to see humans as fully intelligent. She had been so enthusiastic about their potential that she had failed to appreciate that the gap between their worlds was great, yes, seen from a certain perspective. But small, as well, when you looked at it from another side. Wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t that the lesson of Hankori\u8217\'92s treachery? And if that was true, were the Guardians over-cautious in helping people like the humans? She was going to test this boundary.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, old friend, perhaps the time has come to talk less in riddles,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93and more in practical terms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m all ears,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You are struggling with the fact that the wave of empathy you helped unleash did not transform everyone on Earth into an empath. Probably I helped give you the impression that it would, because I am only now coming to see what it means that your lives are so much shorter than ours. My enhancements tell me that it was about 500 years ago that humans first crystallized what you call science. And that was after centuries of increasing interest in rational thought \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  learning to use observation and then mathematics to understand things, to make new things. Am I right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I think you are thinking of Galileo,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s more complex, don\u8217\'92t you think? Science did sweep the globe, leading to industry, leading to carbon overload. And yet, it was also refusal to believe science that kept us from changing things in time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Far Flier and I talked about this when you and I first met. Your species is unusual. Most species become more advanced emotionally before they make the kind of progress you have made through rational inquiry. So your species has a lot of odd ideas about owning nature, owning people, or at least their time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So those are not universal ideas?\u8221\'94 he asked, genuinely surprised. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not as far as I know,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a big galaxy, so I doubt you\u8217\'92re alone in that. But of the Guardian species, none evolved that way. Maybe you are the Galileo of empathy,\u8221\'94 she laughed. She could feel his discomfort at being put on such a pedestal.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I imagine there are people who would like to burn me at the stake\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I know you are trying to cheer me up here, to be helpful. But I still don\u8217\'92t understand what it is you think I can do about all of this. After almost 50 years, I\u8217\'92m out of ideas. Maybe it\u8217\'92s someone else\u8217\'92s time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure it\u8217\'92s many other people\u8217\'92s time, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Time to do what, though, that\u8217\'92s the question. If you could just make it so, what would you want to see happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Huh,\u8221\'94 he grunted. \u8220\'93Maybe that\u8217\'92s the problem. We\u8217\'92ve stopped asking that, we\u8217\'92ve been so consumed by staying alive. Now I think I need to remember why.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Flier had felt Diver approaching her quarters and reached out. She made no attempt to shield her feelings. She felt Diver\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration and confusion, but also her determination to help Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Tough conversation, eh?\u8221\'94 she said as Diver walked through the doorway.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose so,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrestling with what to make of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Diver gave Flier her memory of it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not the Raefe I remember,\u8221\'94 Flier said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93He always felt so innocent to me, somewhat childlike. I mean like one of our children, in their first few decades.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t think I have much to compare him to. He would still be a young person in our culture, but he\u8217\'92s an elder in theirs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Like you,\u8221\'94 she pointed out.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Huh,\u8221\'94 Flier said, \u8220\'93I suppose that\u8217\'92s true. Does he remind you of me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, not at all,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You always seem to find an answer. You have this deep knowledge of history that seems to help you put things in perspective. He\u8217\'92s trying to rewrite history and he has really nothing to go on. Except that we told him he could.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, he can, don\u8217\'92t you think? When he brought those 10,000 people together to form Nowhere, nothing like that had ever happened on Earth. And it wasn\u8217\'92t just that \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  forming this web of empaths, he did that. Earth will never be the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But he won\u8217\'92t live 2,000 years to see that. I think we forgot that part.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps you\u8217\'92re right. Neither of us has ever lived in a world where people die so quickly. What do you think it means?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure. But I feel like it might mean that we have been to cautious, too withholding. How will humans advance if they can make so little progress in each generation? All it will take is one or two generations of backsliding and they could be in grave danger of extinction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That has always been true. It has never been our role to rescue, just to guide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I reject that as a principle. Sure, that\u8217\'92s a nice idea. But you can\u8217\'92t guide someone if they die because you refused to rescue them when they asked. And they want guidance, too! He wants to understand, I\u8217\'92m sure many others like him do, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You think we should get more involved, eh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m mulling it over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How would we be different than Hankori if we did?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Because we would be helping them to advance, all of them. Not just experimenting on a select few for our own ends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That seems clear, but is it always?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, I agree. But can we say that choosing life is better than not? If not, what is it that we are actually about? What good is our empathy if not in the service of life?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I admit, you have me there,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93Still, I don\u8217\'92t understand what it is you actually want to do to help him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t either,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But I want to figure that out, and I want your help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Flier was touched. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I will find it hard to refuse. I have been of no help to anyone for 20 years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Diver softened. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do not mistake my passion for the humans with anger for you. You have always been the rock from which I launch into the winds and to which I return to land. I am only asking for the benefit of your many years of experience and your deep knowledge of what Guardians have done through the ages.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And you will have it,\u8221\'94 Flier said, letting Diver\u8217\'92s words hum in her chest in a way that sounded much like her mating call. She was happy to see Diver smile.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}