{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 In case of emergency}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 August 3, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She could see that Raefe had been working on all night, tinkering with the empathy vectors. Joe had given him a sandbox space on the server farm to run a scaled down sim. He had been running recent history, starting with WWIII in 1951. The sim sometimes showed WWIV, in various years. Other times it showed increasing prosperity and peace. Nothing made any sense.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He and Lina had made so much progress in Africa. They were beginning to grasp the cycle of stress-induced evolution pushing their species toward greater interdependence. For 10,000 years, humans had been living in larger and larger groups. They had used their culture to balance the antagonisms their competitive sides experienced. Now they were nearing another nexus of this struggle, and they would have turn all their bodies had learned through 10,000 years of close quarters into new abilities, new ways of thinking and feeling. Just as her species had, and many before it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The humans had a saying: if you only have a hammer, everything looks like a nail. Like all species in the optimization phase, they had a very big and powerful hammer \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  rationality. They had to discover that some nails were actually screws, and grasp what that meant.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are working so hard on this,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But you are not happy with the results.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If I can\u8217\'92t get the sim to play back something close to what\u8217\'92s already happened, what use is it in helping to understand what can make a difference in the future?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not much,\u8221\'94 she agreed. \u8220\'93Maybe you need to look at the problem differently.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You remind me of my 11th grade math teacher, always giving hints. I\u8217\'92d rather just know the answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is not 11th grade mathematics,\u8221\'94 she said sternly, although she actually had no idea what that meant. \u8220\'93You want to understand why 9 billion people who spoke thousands of languages and lived in hundreds of countries did what they did for four or five generations. You must go deeper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Deeper where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Everywhere. You are disappointed that you put empathy in your sim and it doesn\u8217\'92t tell you the future. What is empathy, anyway?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The ability to understand other people\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85Oh, you mean, what is it made of?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! If I asked you what iron is, you wouldn\u8217\'92t say a hard metal. You\u8217\'92d say a substance made of protons, neutrons, and electrons that work together in this way, and so on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So, what are the atomic elements of empathy?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are the two fundamental things in the universe?\u8221\'94 she said. He had come to expect her elliptical responses to direct questions about things he was clueless about.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Matter and energy?\u8221\'94 he said, thinking, food and sex, and I haven\u8217\'92t had one for hours and they other for weeks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly! And how do they interact?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Through force fields, exchanged by particles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Joe needs from you, that sort of analytic model. Obviously, there are not really particles of empathy. But how do humans experience empathy? How do they express it? Suppress it? What do they exchange, and what forces do those exchanges carry with them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And here I thought you were going to tell me that the answer is 54.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think you are, as you say, pulling my leg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Massively. Really, you\u8217\'92ve given me a lot to think about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I have confidence you will make progress. But I have to tell you some news.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good, I hope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, maybe your sim can tell you,\u8221\'94 she laughed. She enjoyed the mental game humans called humor. \u8220\'93I have some things going on in my life that may affect when I\u8217\'92m available.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on with you?\u8221\'94 he asked. She had never discussed her own life with him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to be a mother,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93There may be times when I cannot entangle with you. I will train one of the other Guardians, Adno, to recognize you in the waveform. Perhaps you will entangle briefly, perhaps not. This is all new to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re having a baby,\u8221\'94 he asked, incredulous.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why is that so hard to believe?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you were hundreds of years old and lived forever,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I figured you made replacements in a lab or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Evolution is its own laboratory. Many species think they can do better, but it turns out the best they can do is make minor improvements. Yes, I am 408 years old, but I will live about 2,000 years. I\u8217\'92m just a teenager, in your world. And we do have to reproduce, but not often. I will explain our lifecycle to you someday \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it\u8217\'92s not exactly like yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So if I need you, and you don\u8217\'92t respond, I should snap my fingers and think \u8216\'91Adno?\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that will do. She will respond even if you don\u8217\'92t snap your fingers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cool. I\u8217\'92ll let Lina know. You said you had \u8216\'91things\u8217\'92 going on in your life. Is there more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She hesitated. She had wanted to tell him about the difficulties she and Salmerikon were up against. But he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t help and it would only scare him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, that was it. Just wanted to make sure we keep our connections strong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}