{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Winners and losers}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 March 3, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was a short bike ride from MiniWorlds to the MIT campus, but for Raefe it seemed like a huge step. He was the third generation of public education products in his family. MIT was the elite world, stuffed with corpo kids who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d been prepped in endless tech camps, by private tutors and private schools. They\u8217\'92d come to become the technical elite of the world in exchange for insane fees and perpetual contributions from their parents. Harvard might still churn out the CEOs and CFOs, but the CTOs and Chief Science Officers came out of here and CalTech and Carnegie Mellon and handful of other places like that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was exactly the place that had produced Ken Robertson, who ran DigiBrands, which owned MiniWorlds. Raefe had to remind himself that in this world Ken Robertson had not strong-armed the U.S. government into giving him most of the Northeast to pillage. Not yet, at least. But thinking about his other life in the days following the flood tempered his enthusiasm about venturing into the fold at the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Tute, as the students called it. Herbie liked to joke that it was really the Toot, as in tooting your own horn. Herbie collected 20th century insults, although he had a pretty good catalog of 21st century ones, too.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His puter guided him to the Laboratory for Computational Civics, a nondescript three story building tucked into the middle of the campus.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, is this the Civilization Project?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked a rather harried looking woman.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes, and who are you?\u8221\'94 she answered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Raefe Epstein-Miller,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93From MiniWorlds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, finally someone who can actually do work,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Everyone here is a big thinker. Very nice until you have to actually get something done. Well, you are in the right place. I\u8217\'92m Roshi Farzan, the team leader for the Outcomes team. You\u8217\'92ll be working with us. Come, I\u8217\'92ll introduce you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She took him into a large, messy room full of long tables littered with vid screens and various inscrutable gadgets. No one looked up. In his mind, he had envisioned something exotic \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  maybe inside a geo dome with vids on every surface. This looked like MiniWorlds if it held a high school science fair and all the robocleaners broke. But the visuals slowly gave way to a feeling of being caught in a stream with a surprisingly strong current. It wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know you over, but you would have to mind your step.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He realized it was combined affect of a dozen very intent, focused and powerful minds in one place, thinking about related things. It was like being in a room full of Alerons, except that they couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t read his thoughts or talk into his mind. Or could they? }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 This will be fun,}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  he thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He realized Roshi was smiling at him, bemused.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not so fierce,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t bite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93I was thinking more they will. Bite off big chunks of stuff and digest it. Not me \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  whatever they work on. I can feel that big brain energy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, that,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Not like where you work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not exactly,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Plenty of smart people. But we\u8217\'92re just allowed to eat the little chunks that we can spit out quickly into product.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Different product here,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Ours is insight \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  takes time and luck. Anyway, we need your help and I think you\u8217\'92ll find it engaging. Let me introduce you to your team members.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who, it turned out, were a guy named Jim and a woman named Elise. The four of them sat around a small table in the corner \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the Lab\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s version of a conference room.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Elise works on quantitative sociology and Jim on simulation kinetics,\u8221\'94 Roshi said. Raefe had no idea what that meant, but nodded. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Not going to do the whole \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just a state school kid\u8221\'94 thing,\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 he thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What that means in this context,\u8221\'94 Elise said, \u8220\'93is that I look at factors that have contributed to the rise and fall of societies \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  civilizations \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and Jim develops math that represents those factors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what we\u8217\'92re hoping you\u8217\'92ll be able to do,\u8221\'94 Jim said, \u8220\'93is translate that math into an interactive, game-like environment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And why do you want to do that?\u8221\'94 asked Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you familiar with the Universal Standard Model sim?\u8221\'94 Jim replied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A bit,\u8221\'94 Raefe replied. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s everything we know about physics applied to a sim of the history of the cosmos. I seem to remember using it in science class in high school.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That was the public version,\u8221\'94 Jim said. \u8220\'93The thing is, we don\u8217\'92t know everything about physics. So if you run the universe from the Big Bang to now, the sim will always violate something we already know as true or false unless you rig the sim. There\u8217\'92s a research version where astrophysicists can tinker with stuff, inject new variables, factors, particles and so on that they\u8217\'92re researching. And see if their presence or behavior gets us closer to reality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I get that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why anyone would use a sim. But why the game part?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because CivLab is about people,\u8221\'94 Elise said. \u8220\'93We want to be able, for example, to ask people to play through different phases of history and see how their behavior changes outcomes. And even interview them about why they did what they did. Some people even want to watch their brains as they play \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  how much of their actions are driven by logic, how much by emotion?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cool,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m sure I can help. I\u8217\'92ve built dozens of game frameworks for hundreds of games and even some self-generating animated vids. We\u8217\'92ll have to get deeper into how you want them to interact, how many people and so on. But that sounds exciting. Most of the games I help build are either about guns or money \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  is that the kind of stuff you\u8217\'92re looking at?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Part of it. But we want to look deeper into issues like competition and collaboration, heirarchy and equality, scarcity and plenty. How does that effect the role of guns and money, for example, in how a society works?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nice,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a little bored of creating counters for bodies or coins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}