{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The spring air felt good to Nila. The winter had mostly hovered in the 40s but the frequent storms had made it cold and raw. In a month or two, the swampy weather would take hold. But for now, it was just on the warm side and the sun felt good on her face. The Torn Nets were in her ears, the nasal twang and infectious tuned drums of Filipino reggae adding to the smile on her face. She wondered if the Secs understood the Nets words. All those songs about fish swimming free \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  did they get that we were the fish?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s what was so exhausting about New K. You could never just relax and enjoy yourself. Was someone watching, listening? And what were they looking for? And did it matter? Well, she wasn\u8217\'92t going to let them spoil her afternoon. Mik would be here soon and hang out and just not worry about it all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And there he was, his gangly self, his messy hair, and those soulful eyes. Maybe it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t forever, but she did like him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oye, amiga,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93How are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Loving this weather,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You want to grab a java at Mo\u8217\'92s? We could sit outside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They walked a few blocks from Mass Ave to Mohammed\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Coffee and Cake, which had the benefit of having neither other kids or New K brass as frequent visitors. Some of the teachers went there, but they never talked to you off hours anyway.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what you been up to?\u8221\'94 Mik asked after they had gotten their coffees.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, this and that. They\u8217\'92ve been screening old vids at Modern Times. We watched one about these enactors, well actors back then, who are travelling around doing plays after this plague kills off most of the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yikes, that sounds grim,\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The plague, yeah. They didn\u8217\'92t have all the drugs we have now, so they couldn\u8217\'92t fix it. But otherwise, it reminded me of that virus in 2091.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that sucked. Did you get that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yup. Why do you think I\u8217\'92m a year older than everyone else? I was sick for half a year. My mom says I could have died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, I didn\u8217\'92t realize that. You weren\u8217\'92t here then, were you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, Val got posted to Finland, of all places. Pretty quiet up there, just a lot of swamp, mostly. But then it turned out there are these biker gangs that travel across the old Arctic lands, smuggling shit. Mostly drugs. The go from Siberia all the way to Norway. On their way through Finland, they managed to pass the virus on and before anyone knew it, it was everywhere. My mom claims that New K saved my life, that they air-dropped in experimental drugs before everyone else got them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What was it like? When you had the virus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t remember the first part. I was delirious, in a dream for weeks. I guess I had a really high fever. After that, I just felt so weak. I used to be chubby, you know. I lost 40 lbs. I\u8217\'92m still too skinny. But they made me stay inside for weeks after I was better. That\u8217\'92s when I first discovered I liked old vids. I had nothing else to do. They wouldn\u8217\'92t let any other kids near me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you learned to be on your own. I always wondered how you were so \u8216\'91I don\u8217\'92t give a fuck\u8217\'92 about what other kids thought about you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not actually. I just don\u8217\'92t have a choice. My mom was very insistent that I never tell anyone about it when we moved back. Some people think once you are infected, you\u8217\'92ll always be infectious. Don\u8217\'92t worry, it\u8217\'92s bullshit. But people believe a lot of bullshit. Anyway, I wasn\u8217\'92t trying to be standoffish. I just was. I hadn\u8217\'92t talked to anyone in months, wasn\u8217\'92t up on the latest whatever. Maybe if I\u8217\'92d said, hey, I\u8217\'92ve been locked up for 6 months, fill me in, it would have been different. But everyone assumed I just thought I was too cool to like what they liked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not that you would like it just because they did,\u8221\'94 Mik pointed out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, fair enough,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But all this New K team spirit, it\u8217\'92s mostly a mirage to me. But hey, I don\u8217\'92t really like to dwell on that time. So what\u8217\'92s up with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He told her about the trip to mall with his dad.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93At the end, he got a little teary with me. Like he was hoping we would be some father/son Demand Gen team. I guess I never thought it meant that much to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, my mom\u8217\'92s the same way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And then he started in on the whole new century thing. Like the calendar is going to save us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Verdad,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But I bet your dad doesn\u8217\'92t really understand what New K means by the new century. He probably just takes it at face value, you know, things are going to turn around get better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Delusional,\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93But I heard what Rob\u8217\'92s Junior said about it, and it\u8217\'92s not just rah-rah. It\u8217\'92s going to be nasty. They\u8217\'92re going for world domination.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My folks think New K already dominates the world. They think New K is the most powerful organization in the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a big world and they don\u8217\'92t just want to be the most powerful. They want to be powerful enough to control most of the world, which they\u8217\'92re not. That\u8217\'92s what the new century means to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t thought of it quite that way,\u8221\'94 Mik admitted. \u8220\'93Makes me even more glad I\u8217\'92m not going into Demand Gen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have you decided yet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m gonna give AI a try. You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nila could see the hesitation on his face, like he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure he wanted to know.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Got a few days yet. I want to go, I\u8217\'92ll be honest. You\u8217\'92re just about the only reason I would stay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, I guess,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93I mean, that would be great. But I don\u8217\'92t want you to be unhappy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that makes two of us,\u8217\'92 she said, smiling to reassure him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What if you crossed the river? Maybe you could do something with, you know, your friend over there? Maybe I could sneak over there and see you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a sweet kid, she thought. \u8220\'93You know, I hadn\u8217\'92t considered that. I\u8217\'92m going to think that one through. Like I said, still a few days to work things out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She downed the rest of her coffee and they got up to go for a walk up toward the park.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 * * * * *<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She had to admit, she hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really thought about just crossing the river. All of her plans had been to go far away. Hudson\u8217\'92s Bay, maybe. You heard that there were all sorts of new farms and things up there, a new world to build. And no New K. Yet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She went up on the roof of her building to clear her head. She looked south toward Cambridge and Boston beyond. From here, Cambridge looked like anywhere else around New Kendall. Rivers, marshes, fields, clusters of homes, clusters of ruins, all connected by half-broken roads filled with mostly with bikes and the occasional truck.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her mind was calm now, She let the waveform wash over her, hearing bits and pieces of so many minds. In the stress of the last weeks, her ability to entangle seemed to have taken a leap \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  all those minds seemed more vivid, more detailed now. She remembered what Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s felt like and there it was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I was hoping we could talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You feel\u8230\'85complicated. Is everything OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes and no. The List came out. You know about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, sure. You\u8217\'92re worried about your choice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got me boxed in. My folks have made sure I\u8217\'92m fast-tracked for the inner circle. I don\u8217\'92t think I can do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not alone there. Year by year, they lose more people like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I kind of had that sense. And I was wondering\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wait! Where are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She let him see through her eyes. She could feel that his mind was also occupied with others, with voices she couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t explain, but you\u8217\'92re in danger. Go, now, don\u8217\'92t stop until you get to the place we met. Someone will come for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And he was gone. She couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t feel him anymore. For a second, she tried to scan for anyone nearby, but nothing. There was a ladder that went down two floors to another roof, where the air conditioning was. There was a door there that went down a back stairway. She didn\u8217\'92t know what Raefe had felt, but she had an idea that if she stopped, she would never be free again. She ran all the way down, and out, and kept running.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 *****<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe talked to Tosh about saving Nila. They knew that some of the Norcamb bunch had ways to sneak in to New Kendall. But could they get all the way to the Nila\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hiding place? They agreed Tosh would bike up to the Norcamb settlement and see if they could help. He was back in an hour, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll have her back here before dark. \u8216\'91Piece of pie\u8217\'92 they said. Cheeky lot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing wrong with that!\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just glad we can get her out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}