{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Maybe Ma was born slow, or maybe the beatings helped it along, but some time after the third baby died she figured it out, probably more like finally admitted, that Pa had been doing Bee. \
She asked him, "You the daddy?"\
 "No," he said with dripping sarcasm. "Maculate \'92ceptions I suppose," he laughed, shaking his head. \
Ma walked up to him. Face to face. Slapped him. I couldn\'92t believe it, I had never seen her stand up to him before. But he didn\'92t take kindly to it. He full-on punched her in the face. \
She staggered back, blood poured from her nose.\
Pa stomped out the front door, pushing the porch screen so hard it stuck open. An odd silence filled the room. Time seemed to stand still, and race all at once. \
Pa's the daddy. \
When it sunk in, she wasn\'92t slow at all.
\f1\i \

\f0\i0 Ma reached behind the door. 
\f1\i \
Bang. 
\f0\i0 The shotgun blasted. 
\f1\i \

\f0\i0 Then stillness.\
Pa\'92s body was on the ground, face down.\
My feet seemed bolted to the ground. I swapped glances between Ma\'92s bloody nose and Pa\'92s bleeding body. I felt Bee smile.\
Without a word, Ma reloaded the shotgun and put it back behind the door where it\'92s kept. She took off her apron and wiped her bloody nose. \
"Don\'92t you worry. Everything is going to be alright," Ma said. \
She went into the kitchen and picked up the phone. "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://AC15C923-E1BA-4A7F-955C-68CF17361D31"}}{\fldrslt Bobby}}, I need you here, can you come right away?\'85 No?" She scurried about, tossing her apron in the wash after one last swipe to her nose. "It\'92s important. Can you come soon?\'85 One hour?\'85 No sooner?\'85 It\'92s really important, come as soon as you can." She hung up the phone. \
Ma took a deep breath and smoothed her dress. "Well, now. You hungry?" Ma said. "I\'92ll make breakfast."\
I couldn\'92t believe my ears. "Shouldn\'92t we call 911 or something?\
"No need for 911. I\'92ll call the police after Bobby gets here." Ma put her arm around me. "Now Suzie, what happened here, we cannot talk about it to anyone." Ma\'92s voice was stern. "Anyone. Ever." \
I\'92d never heard her stern before. Her eyes probed me. A second later, a wave of recognition crashed in me. I didn't want Ma to be taken away. \
I looked out at Pa, lying there. 
\f1\i Did he move?
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 \
True to her word, we had breakfast. The holiday kind of breakfast we have when other kin are around. Eggs, bacon, pancakes with homemade maple syrup. \
Pa laid in the front yard. Shot. Long ago I had mourned the loss of my Pa, the Pa that didn\'92t beat us as much, or make babies with Bee. That Pa, he died eons ago. Yet, this rush of sadness flooded me.\
"Everything\'92s alright now," she said. "No one\'92s ever going to hurt us, ever again." Ma began to clear the plates. Her head held higher, back straighter, eyes brighter. \
"What we going to do today?" asked Ma. \
My eyes darted between the front yard and this strange woman filled with confidence and unrelenting action. \
"Don\'92t you worry about the mess, pumpkin," she said. \

\f1\i The dishes, or Pa? Should we go see about Pa?
\f0\i0  Bee\'92s mouth looked like a fly trap, awaiting its prey. \
I sat back down. \
"So?" Ma smiled. "I know. Let\'92s picnic! We can fetch the fattest chicken, fry \'91em crispy, and make some potato salad. We\'92ll pack it all up and go down by the lake. How does that sound?" \
I tried to talk but nothing came out on the count of I was still thinking of Pa in the front yard.\
Bee sat up a little straighter. \
"Why, that\'92s the spirit! Now Suzie, doesn\'92t your Bee deserve a fun day. What ya say? You good?" \
Maybe they were right\'96\'96maybe we's all crazy. \
"Uh. Sure," I mumbled. \
"Wonderful! Now how about you finish up here and start getting that chicken ready for our picnic. As soon as Uncle Bobby gets here, I\'92m goin\'92 out a piece, but I be back, and we\'92ll head out." \
"You\'92re leaving?" \
She started to raise her hands. I stiffened. \
Tears filled her eyes. \
"Oh, sweetie. I\'92m just reaching to hug you. You don\'92t ever have to be scared again." \
She cupped my face with her hands, pulled me in and kissed my cheek. The shooting did something to her. Ma was different. \
\
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bobby pulled up in his Chevy truck, stopping feet from where Pa lay. He rushed out of the car to David\'92s side. \
"What the hell? Who did this?" Bobby kneeled next to David. His hand started to touch him, then he pulled it back just as quick.\
"Thank god you\'92re here," Susan said to her brother. \
"Christ, Susan." Bobby jumped to his feet and stood face to face with her. Part of him wanted to hit her, the part that knew David was the closest thing he had to a friend. Another part of him was glad he was dead: David never deserved this land, his land. David wasn\'92t even a farmer. The sweat beaded on his forehead, his jaw clench. \
Susan fixed her stare. "You. Owe. Me." \
The words didn\'92t register at first. Then it hit him. It was so long ago he had figured she\'92d never call in her chip. Damnit. Damnit. Damnit. Memories of the street whore\'92s battered face and lifeless body flashed before his eyes.\
His face went slack. This would be the second dead body they\'92d moved. \
"Okay, then." Susan took a breath. "I\'92ll get the truck." \
Bobby stood there. Stunned. \
}