{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Flood warnings}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 November 14, 2048}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron was pleased with how the class had gone. Getting the cadets to be humble in the face of the many irritating and irrational aspects of unenhanced intelligence was neither easy or optional. She would have to return to that again and again, or risk having some of them dismiss the worth of the very species they were supposed to be guarding.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her thoughts were interrupted by an urgent summons in the waveform.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aleron, this is Manulo, from Information Analysis. Please give us your full attention.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What could they want? They monitored standard electromagnetic communications through across the wormhole interface.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please focus on the stream from Earth,\u8221\'94 Manulo instructed. \u8220\'93This information came through the wormhole interface network only minutes ago.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 News reports, satellite photos, military communications all arrayed in front of her. A volcano had erupted on the Isle of Surtsey, off the coast of Iceland. She understood immediately that Raefe might be in danger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will it impact the area near one of our contacts, Raefe Epstein Miller?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not the volcano. But Earth geologists say there is a 30% chance the volcano will cause an underwater landslide. Our simulations are more clear. The slide of the entire Greenland ice sheet into the ocean almost 10 years ago caused some upwelling of the tectonic plates. The earthquake that accompanies this volcano will almost certainly cause the eastward face of the island to shear off and fall into the ocean. The result will be a tidal wave over 50 meters high and it will move at a speeds close to 500 kilometers an hour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He will be killed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, in less than three hours. While the area of destruction will be smaller than the recent hurricane, he will be in it and the destruction will be much more profound.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please forward your summary to the Guardian council immediately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She contacted Anatope.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My main Earth contact, Raefe, will be dead very shortly in his current timeline. Manulo has forwarded the situation. Can you identify an alternate timeline that we can transfer him to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know I can\u8217\'92t do that without authorization from the council.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No time for that. This is an extraordinary situation \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  a catastrophic earthquake and tidal wave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Al, but the truth is that human-induced climate change is the aggravating factor here. You know I can\u8217\'92t authorize a timeline shift due to social factors without council approval.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She disconnected, frustrated and angry. She felt Salmerikon reaching out to her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I just heard from Info Analysis,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the status?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We have to shift him to a new timeline. Fast. Anatope won\u8217\'92t give me a suitable timeline. Says the catastrophe is the result of human factors, and so the whole council has to approve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Never mind that. I\u8217\'92ll explain to you later, but I\u8217\'92ve been worried about this all along. I\u8217\'92ve got a contingency plan. A new time line. You\u8217\'92ll have to prepare him though. Let me know when you\u8217\'92re ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was more going on here than she understood, but there was no time for that. Nor could she get to the wormhole itself. She would have to focus extremely hard and cut through the noise. Raefe was stronger now, it should be easier. He was on an island, working. They had never connected while he was awake, but she had no choice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She found his mind and assumed the Mars Girl image. He smiled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, it\u8217\'92s me again. Don\u8217\'92t stop what you\u8217\'92re doing, don\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t speak. I have important news to tell you and you can just think and I will know your thoughts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, hello to you, too,\u8221\'94 he thought. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are in danger,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Your island will be hit by a massive tidal wave in the next few hours. But don\u8217\'92t be afraid. I have a way to save you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure? You can tell that from 20 million light years away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, there\u8217\'92s no doubt. When the time comes, you will wake up somewhere else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about Lina?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure if she\u8217\'92ll be there. I\u8217\'92m trying to learn everything I can about what we can do, but we may not be able to save her, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then forget it. She\u8217\'92s stood by me through so many things. I\u8217\'92m not leaving her. And I\u8217\'92d be lost without her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you wouldn\u8217\'92t be leaving her, in any event. It\u8217\'92s complicated and we don\u8217\'92t have a lot of time. Let me find out more about Lina. I\u8217\'92ll be right back.  It will be quick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She found Salmerikon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Salmerikon, he won\u8217\'92t leave Lina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We could move him anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d ever work with us again. And he could go insane. Is she in the timeline you have chosen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, she\u8217\'92s alive, but she\u8217\'92s never met him,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s in Efricar, there\u8217\'92s never been a holocaust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So she won\u8217\'92t have died, in his new world, but they will never have met. I don\u8217\'92t think that will be enough, though. He\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s dependent on her for emotional stability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If we transfer her consciousness, too, and then tell them how to find each other, will he agree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Probably, but how can we do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No time now. Let\u8217\'92s just say we can.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe asked the guard if he could get some water. He gave Lina a look and she nodded back. After he went up to water station, she made her own excuses and found him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look at me,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t talk. Hold my hands and look right in my eyes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hearing the urgency in his voice, she did.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could feel her mind. Not clear like Aleron\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s, but there. She startled, but kept her hands with his. He saw a little smile on her face and felt a warmth. He thought \u8220\'93I love you\u8221\'94\u8221\'94 and closed his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They both collapsed, lying lifeless on the beach. The guards rushed over. The workers watched as two guards tried to revive them. One of them had a med puter.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Their hearts are beating, they\u8217\'92re breathing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good. Send the feed to HQ. I\u8217\'92ll call and see if they want to evac them,\u8221\'94 their sergeant said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They may not want to,\u8221\'94 the guard said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m getting no higher function brain waves at all. Seems like they\u8217\'92re on internal life support.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Sarge,\u8221\'94 another guard spoke up. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think we\u8217\'92\u8217\'92re going to evac them. Turn around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The guards and the workers turned back toward the water. Far on the horizon, a strange gray curtain pulled up out of the ocean. The curtain was moving quickly toward them and revealed itself as an avalanche of water falling down an endless 50 meter high water.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The sergeant threw down his rifle at the feet of the two bodies.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lucky bastards, to escape before that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}