{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In most parts, the sunrise would have portended a glorious day. But in these parts, it was insidious. Beguiling but harmful.\
We finished breakfast and pa left without saying a word. With the drought-ravaged crop not even worth gleaning, what did he do all day?\
A knock echoed at the front door. \
"Caroline," ma opened the door, grimacing at the books in Carolines\'92s hand; she surveyed the yard. \
"Don\'92t worry, honey, I waited until he left." Caroline Jones stepped into the house, nudging ma aside more with her over all presence than with the weight of her skinny, five foot two frame. \
Ma looked at the ground. "You know you shouldn\'92t be bringing those around." \
"You know, I should." Caroline raised her left eyebrow and stared at ma until she met her eyes and nodded.\
"He doesn't want you seeing Suzie anymore." \
"Really? He doesn't does he?" Mrs. Jones said laying the books on the table. \
"It could get bad for us," Ma's head was hung low, her eyes focused on the ground, "if you continue." \
"Never you mind, sweetie, I'll take care of him." Mrs. Jones flicked her hand twice as if swatting flies. "Let's see what we have here." \
Mrs. Jones and I sat on the couch. Ma sat in the stuffed chair kitty corner to us. \
"Boy, I just don't know when this weather is going to break," said Mrs. Jones, wiping her brow. \
"What ya bring this time?" I asked. \
"Ya?" As my former teacher, she could never resist correcting me. \
"What did you bring?" She was alway correcting my english. \
Ma smiled and picked up her knitting. Although ma was always nervous pa would find out about her visits, she had grown accustomed to Mrs. Jones stopping by unannounced, looked forward it even, and Mrs. Jones was always discreet. Although her presence alone provoked Pa, she extended him a deference I didn't think he deserved, saying we all had our cross to bear. \
"I brought you a beautiful photography book with wonderful pictures of places you\'92ll see someday. And another book that tells you all about those places." Mrs. Jones handed me the two books, but held back a third. \
I flipped through the photography book recognizing some of the places from the postcards Mrs. Jones had sent after she moved away when her husband was transferred to Tucson, just after Pa forced me to quit school.\
"And this here is a second year algebra book. You tore-through the first-year book so fast!" \
She was always talking like that, telling me how smart I was. Before the draught, I had worked the fields 12 hours a day with pa. School had become a luxury, so he pulled me out after ninth grade. It had infuriated Mrs. Jones, who had been my fifth-grade teacher. She sent the police over to find out why I wasn't in school. They came out into the field one day and talked with pa. I couldn't hear what they said, but it was clear that money had changed hands. The next day a social worker stopped by and pa walked her out to her car, and again, money changed hand. We didn't have enough for food that week. I never did return to school. When the Social Worker she sees me town now, she tells me how well I'm doing. \
Quitting school, though, I agreed with Pa. School bored me, and it did nothing to get me out of this town. But, Mrs. Jones never stopped teaching me and never stopped telling me I'd 'experience' other places, maybe even leave here someday. I didn\'92t see how, but more and more it was all I could think about. \
 Mrs. Jones whisked us away from the scotched earth around us to places of lush trees, oceans, lavish beaches, and abundance. She charmed us with stories of natives dancing around fires, and herds of animals pounding the earth. She choked up when she mentioned Michael, her husband, and how much he had liked this place or that. It had only been a year since his death. \
Mrs. Jones cleared her throat. "Tell me why your Pa doesn't want me teaching you anymore."\
I looked at Ma, and Ma looked at her knitting. \
"He found my math book," I said caressing the cover of the new book. \
"Yes, and what dear? Don't hold out." \
"Pa said we don't accept charity, and it must be charity because I'm too stupid to work anywhere. He forbade me to see you again," I said. \
"Good god. He said that to you? You know that's not true." Mrs. Jones said, tossing her head back. "I suppose that includes a ban on your job helping me with the books?" \
"Yeah," I said.\
"Christ, does he want you to become one of the overdose statistics skyrocketing in this town? I won't let that happen," said Mrs. Jones. "Well, we'll see about that." \
Ma and I shared furtive glances. \
"Please don't Mrs. Jones," I said to the book cover. \
She shifted her weight on the couch, leaned over and patted my thigh. "Don't you worry honey. He's just a big bully, and with 25 years of teaching under my belt, I know how to handle bullies." \
We sat in silence. Mrs. Jones flipped through the photography book, Ma worked on her knitting, and I read about the Terra-cotta Warriors in China. It had taken 700,000 laborers to chisel the specific facial features, expressions, hair styles and clothing on each of the 6000 figures. The magnificence of its size, power, and uniqueness stood in sharp contrast to our little town of 15,000 struggling farmers. A hollowness seeped throughout my chest. \
"Mrs. Jones? You're always talking about me getting out of here. Why did you stay?" \
"I didn\'92t stay, dear. I came back. Sometimes all we need is perceptive to see what you have here."\
"The rate this town is suffocating--shops closing, people dieing and all, there won't be much to stay for," Ma said. \
I couldn\'92t imagine where else I might live, but dreaded being stuck here forever. And ma and Bee? They\'92d never leave, and I couldn\'92t leave without them. It was like I was one of those statues on a mountain top watching a moving train wind through the valley and disappear past the horizon. Children grew up, moved out, strangers move in, and others' lives moved on while I stood still.\
Mrs. Jones gathered her purse and wiped her upper lip with a tissue tucked under the sleeve of her shirt. \
"I'll see you tomorrow then. We have a lot of books to catch up on." \
Ma's eyes darted at me. \
"I'll talk to your Pa on Sunday after church," Mrs. Jones said in the voice she used when talked to parents about their little hell-raising darlings during parent-teacher nights. "Don't you worry, my dears, he'll change his mind. You told me your Pa always leaves after breakfast on Saturday - so when he does, you come over and we'll get to work." }