{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0 Saturday rolled around and Jo was good to her word. She had a party to welcome back Aiden, even thought he had been back for four months. Jo waited until their new pool was completed. She almost canceled it because of the funeral, but then decided we needed something happy. 
\par The Manwell\rquote s ranch style home sprawled twice the size of ours. Four bedrooms and a big kitchen and dining room surrounded by freshly planted grass that edged the cool-deck around the pool. It looked luxurious to me. The stark contrast of the surrounding dry brown desert and the luscious green grass reeked of money. And the water required to keep it green in the middle of the desert, while farmers lost their farms, screamed wasteful, if not deadly. 
\par "Where\rquote s your pa?" I asked Jo when I arrived. 
\par "Don\rquote t worry, he\rquote s at the store. Says he trusts us to keep things sane." Jo\rquote s rolled her eyes. 
\par "So, then, he doesn\rquote t know you're with me," I said. 
\par We both cracked up.
\par "Aiden, look who\rquote s here." Jo shouted across the yard in Aiden\rquote s direction. "Ut-oh, look at you. Blushing." Jo poked me in the rigs. 
\par "Stop," I said. "I\rquote m not blushing. Besides, he doesn\rquote t want to see me." 
\par "Of course he does. Look here, he comes," Jo said. 
\par "Hey, Suzie. Glad you made it," Aiden said. 
\par I nodded. 
\par Jo winked at me and spun towards the pack of cackling girls near the food table.
\par "Want something to drink," Aiden asked. 
\par "Sure," I said. 
\par We walked over to the drink table in silence. Knowing he was eyeing Bee, I kept my eyes towards the ground. He popped the top on a can of diet Coke and handed it to me. Then did the same for himself. 
\par "Food?" he said. 
\par "Uh, no thanks." Thinking I couldn\rquote t manage the can of soda and a food plate at the same time. 
\par "Let\rquote s sit over there. I\rquote d love to hear how your year went. Every time I was home, you seemed to be busy," he paused, "I\rquote ve missed you." 
\par I looked around, but Bee wasn\rquote t there. 
\par "Who? Me?" I said when I turned back to him. 
\par "Yes, you." Aiden said. 
\par I had learned my lesson with Aiden, Bee should be here. 
\par We sat on a rocking bench under the large Mesquite tree that offered us shade and a bit of privacy from the crowd. Taylor Swift on the radio. The girls near the table signing along with Jo's voice booming loudest. A slight breeze and the cold Coke made the outdoor summer party palatable. 
\par Neither of us seemed to have any words. We rocked in silence. It didn\rquote t feel awkward. I breathed in the stillness. 
\par "What happened to us?" Aiden cleared his throat and looked at the ground. "I never understood."
\par I looked at him, but he didn\rquote t look up. His light brown hair, shorter and combed back now instead of in his face, Justin-Beiber-style in his younger years. He had gotten older, his skin tan and tough from the sun, but his hands still soft. Gentle. I remember gentle. 
\par "Your hair looks good like that," I said. 
\par He looked up at me with a quizzical look. "Okay. I get it." He sounded defeated. 
\par "Listen. Can I ask you something?" I said. 
\par "Sure? Anything?" He perked up. 
\par "Why\rquote d you return? You were out. Why come back?" 
\par "It\rquote s a long story." 
\par "I\rquote m not going anywhere," I said. 
\par "Well. Let\rquote s just say that Pa needs me right now." He looked around then whispering he said, "He got himself in a bit of trouble." 
\par "Trouble?" I said. 
\par "Shhhh." He whipped his head around again. "The town\rquote s changed. He got in too deep, but we\rquote re getting him out."
\par "We? Who\rquote s we? You and Jo?" 
\par "No, Jo knows nothing about this. I really shouldn\rquote t be talking at all." 
\par "What kind of trouble?" I asked. 
\par "Money trouble. Let\rquote s leave it at that. Please." 
\par I studied him for a moment, and thought about the store\rquote s books, the sudden jump in revenue and the strange investments.
\par "Store seems to be doing well, with all those new construction people coming in and buying stuff," I said. 
\par "Yea, I guess." Aiden swatted a fly.
\par "Seems like that one guy, the guy with that brand-new gold, Ford dually must have money," I said, trying to be causal. 
\par Aiden looked at me. A veil of fear crossed his eyes. He took a breath, then shook his head as if shaking off a bad feeling and stood. 
\par "Hey man, great to have you home." A blond-hair blue-eye man trotted over and shook Aiden's hand. 
\par "Hey Sammy," Aiden looked as if he had beamed in from another universe. He introduced us. 
\par "Ah ha! This is Suzie." 
\par "Come on." Aiden grabbed my hand. "Let\rquote s go join the party."
\par "You two go ahead, I see Maricela. I haven\rquote t seen her since her pa went missing." 
\par Marcela looked sad. No surprise though. 
\par "Maricela, I didn\rquote t expect to see you here. Any news about your pa?" I said. 
\par "No news," she shook her head. 
\par "Your pa\rquote s a good man, he wouldn\rquote t just leave, you know that, right? They\rquote ll find him." Her family was from Mexico. His parents had waited years to get into the US legally. She and her older bother Angel were born in the States. Back in school, her ma and pa were the ones who stood and clapped the hardest at the school play, cheered the loudest from the sidelines, and always showed up for Parent-Teacher day. The entire family attended church every week. If you saw Maricela and Angel on the street, they could be mistaken for homeless dressed in rags. But on Sunday, God\rquote s day as her pa said, the Romero family honored God in their finest with Maricela in a fluffy pink dress, and Angel in a suit and tie. Used clothes from Goodwill, but their finest, none the less. 
\par I wasn\rquote t sure what to say. Her Pa had been missing for weeks now. I rubbed her shoulder and let the silence soothe. 
\par "You were good to us. Pa always liked you. Especially after that day you showed us that the bosses were cheating us in the field. After that, after you got banned from the field, whenever we got paid, he'd say\emdash Thank God for that Bannon girl."
\par My checks flushed. "Your pa was the hardest worker out there." 
\par Maricela glanced around. She took a step closer and whispered, "He\rquote s not the only one." She looked at me as if questioning if I got it. 
\par "Others are missing?" I matched her volume. 
\par "Yeah. I ran into Daniel, Margaret's boy, the other night, he\rquote s trying to get on the police force, you know. He was asking me a bunch of questions: Did pa have any work? Did he go out at night? Did he say anything about working with his pa or Jorge\rquote s. He finally told me they were missing to." She glanced around again. "All in the last three months." 
\par "He thinks they\rquote re connected?" 
\par "Yeah, all three of them got jobs doing construction work. They all worked at night."
\par "My pa too." I said. 
\par Maricela\rquote s eyes opened wide enough to see the white all around. "Your Pa\rquote s missing too?"
\par "No. No." I hadn\rquote t realized I said that out loud. "I mean, my pa worked at night too. Comes back before sun up covered in dirt. He didn't know that I knew though." It just came out; I searched her face to see if she realized I had talked about him in the past tense.
\par I continued, hoping to distract,"What do the police say?" 
\par "Nothing. They say men leave their families all the time. Say there's nothing to investigate." Maricela's eyes started to tear. "Ma\rquote s worried sick. With all the shootings in Agua de vida, she\rquote s afraid it might have spilled over." 
\par "Agua de vida? I know it\rquote s just across the border, but isn\rquote t that all drug related?" 
\par "I guess..." 
\par I stopped her. "They\rquote ll turn up." 
\par Neither of us believed that. 
\par  
\par
\par  
\par
\par
\par
\par  
\par
\par
\par}