{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Waves of rising hot air danced just outside the window pane. The ground dry and cracked from years of drought. The unrelenting heat of the next few weeks fueled our sorrow not only for the baby, but also for our farm.  The US Drought Monitor, a popular topic among farmers, had been be raised from D2, Severe drought, to D3, extreme drought. By the government's definition that meant widespread crop losses, heavy water restrictions and shortages.\
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Before neighbors and friends could utter their last syllable of condolences for another child lost, the Drought Monitor would come up, but we didn't need the US Government tell us it was getting worse. We knew long before they raise the threat level to D3: like DefCon3 for farmers.\
The heat didn\'92t slow Pa\'92s exit none. He kept to his pattern of disappearing after a still-birth. He\'92d take the baby\'92s body and buries it. No name given, no ceremony, no last rights.  Just a cardboard box and a hole in the ground in the back yard. Once he left with the body, he didn\'92t come back for a few weeks. In the past, he stayed with Uncle Bobby, Ma\'92s brother.  Ma said it was his way of grieving and allowing us time to grieve and heal. \
"Grieving? Pa?" I scoffed. "More likely his way of paying penance."\
"Why? Whatever for?" Ma said. \
She didn\'92t have a clue. I wanted to ask her who she thought the daddy was but, I knew she couldn\'92t face that demon, we all had our demons, and who was I to question hers. But she was kind of right, penance didn\'92t make sense, he\'92d have to be sorry for that. He was much too selfish for that. He left to avoid the sideway glances and under the breath scoffs from the neighbors who poured through the house daily, offering condolences, baskets of baked goods, bags of food, and casseroles. Dot, our most outgoing neighbor, even brought by her Aloe Vera juice made with her secret ingredient, with specific instructions to drink only a little at a time. Once I tasted it, I understood why guzzling it wasn\'92t a good idea, but her heart was in the right place. \
Neighbors barely had enough for themselves, but during bad times they always stepped up. Losing a baby was the worst of the bad times according to them. I can\'92t say I agreed. Several good things came out of it. First, we didn\'92t have to even think about Pa for a couple of weeks, which also meant no beatings for a while, and Bee could relax. Second, Ma was happier, lighter when Pa was not around for this long. She was was sad for the baby, sad for Bee but you couldn\'92t mistake the smile, the energy, the life in her when he was gone.  She did double duty during these last two months, taking over the chicken coop, mucking the barn, selling the eggs. We both neglected the field, but with the drought it didn't much matter. She said the work did her good, and that she wanted me to rest, but I was more worried about Bee.	Pa called Bee a fat pig during the last few months of pregancy. A name we took to with affection since it meant he left her alone which was another silver lining. Most significant though, there wouldn\'92t be a little Pa around to feed and raise. What was the sense in that? Pa\'92s Pa was no good, Pa was no good, I was no good, Bee was good but messed up, so likely Pa\'92s baby\'92s baby wouldn\'92t be much better. And god forbid if a baby boy had lived\'96\'96just another generation of beatings up-to-bat. \
People said that time would heal the hurt. I\'92d just nod, but again, I didn\'92t agree. There was no hurt to heal. I was never sad the babies died. Never sad they lived so long, protecting us from Pa. I didn\'92t blame them for coming into this world and saying, "Fuck no." I didn\'92t feel anything but maybe a little guilt at not really wanting them at all. What kind of person doesn\'92t want a baby? Regardless, it ended how it needed to end, no sense crying over that. \
 Mrs. Jones was the most persistent of the visiting neighbors. She came by three or four times a week for the first two weeks. She had been mh fifth grade teacher, but had moved away a few years ago with her husband Michael. She moved back after his death two years ago. 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 She had been my fifth grade teacher, but moved away for a few years with her husband, Micheal, before moving back after his death a couple of years ago.//timeline
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0  She had always taken an interest in me, probably thought I was a hopeless case she\'92d save. She brought me books, took Ma places like doctors and such when Pa was busy with the truck, and treated us both kind. We were usually invisible to people like her: educated, worldly with money, and a nice house. Never could figure out her angle, but she never let up, so overtime I just stop trying. \
Through the years, it was during these 'grieving times' as folks called it, she and Ma became friends. They sat in the two overstuffed chairs in the corner and talked and talked while I poured through the books she brought me. One day, a few weeks after the third birth, I heard them talking in the kitchen like they did most days. They were talking about Bee, wondering what to do about her. Talking about her as if she was a problem. They seemed more worried about me, than Bee. I didn\'92t need their worry, Bee did though. \
\
The next week Ma and Mrs. Jones called me into the kitchen with them. They suggested it was time Bee go out on her own. It was time, Ma kept saying.  \
"What do you think about that, dear?" said Ma.\
"I\'92m not living here with Pa without Bee. If Bee goes, I go." I left the room and went back to my books. That was that. My stomach turned, my pulse quickened. I had no place to go. \
But it didn\'92t stop them talking. Walls were thin. \
"Now why would she say that?" Ma said. \
"You know, she isn\'92t wrong," said Mrs. Jones. "She can\'92t keep going on like this. She\'92s not a young girl any more. She has to learn that ice doesn\'92t melt if there is no heat, and that she is strong enough to handle both. People\'92s tolerance of Bee is waning." \
I could hear them sipping their coffee. \
"It isn\'92t considered 'cute' anymore," Mrs Jones continued. "She\'92s got to accept the truth or one of these days she is going to break, and you might lose all of her." \
"She can\'92t leave. And she can\'92t stay," said Ma.\
I wasn\'92t sure what they were talking about, but I was sure I didn\'92t like it. Why would Bee leave? Why couldn\'92t she stay? They were talking crazy. I\'92d had enough of this. I walked out the front door, letting the screen door slam so they\'92d know I\'92d been listening.}