{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Waves of rising hot air danced outside the windowpane of our three-bedroom slump block house. Over the next few weeks, the unrelenting sun wreaked havoc on the already dry and cracked ground. The scorching heat fueled our sorrow for  baby and our farm. The U.S. Drought Monitor had been raised from D2 to D3, extreme drought: DefCon3 for farmers. By the government's definition, that meant widespread crop losses, heavy water restrictions and shortages. We didn't need the government to tell us that. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Before the neighbors uttered their last syllable of condolences for another child lost, the conversation forked to farming or gossip, but mostly gossip. The main topic being pa. After a still-birth, he\'92d take the baby\'92s body and bury it. No name, no ceremony, no last rites. Just a cardboard box and a hole in the ground in the backyard. Once he left with the body, he didn\'92t come back for a few weeks.\
"David gone to stay with Bobby again?" said Dot, our most outgoing neighbor. She had even brought by her Aloe Vera juice made with her secret ingredient, with specific instructions to drink only a little at a time. Once I tasted it, I understood why guzzling the Tequila concoction wasn\'92t a good idea, but her heart was in the right place. \
Ma nodded. \
"I'm sorry Susan, but I just don't get it. Bobby's your brother. How can he be David's friend. Between, well, you know," Margaret lowered her eyes to the empty bassinet, "and your Pa snubbing Bobby and leaving the family farm to David and not him--and he blood. I'm surprised he can even stand to look at David." \
I wondered if Margaret knew. Seemed like she might. \
Ma had said Pa left to do his own grieving and to allow us time to heal. \
"Grieving? Pa?" I scoffed. "More likely his way of paying penance."\
"Penance? Whatever for?" Ma said. \
She didn\'92t have a clue. I wanted to ask her who she thought the daddy was? Hell, I wanted her to admit who the daddy was, but I knew she couldn\'92t face that demon. We all had our demons, and who was I to question hers. The clank of Dot' coffee cup on the wood table brought me back. \
"Come on Margaret, would you leave your farm to a convicted criminal? And besides, they never cleared him of," Dot lowered her voice, "that prostitute's murder. That poor family, not knowing what happened to their daughter after all these years."\
"Well, he still could have left it to blood," Margaret said, motioning to Ma. \
"Bobby isn't one for confrontation. If he can't talk his way out of something\'96\'96he just takes it..." ma's voice trailed off, "until he can't." \
Margaret and Dot exchanged glances. \
"Enough of all that." Dot waived her hands, washing it all away. "Did you all see Genevieve in town the other day, carrying that single rose?" said Dot. \
"She's still getting those?" said Margaret. \
"Every week, since their son left for Iraqi," said ma looking out the window.\
"You think it's Bob Palmer?" asked Dot. "You know, since his wife died he's been lonely."\
"Stop," said Margaret. "He'd never flirt with a married woman. And besides, what does it matter? Gen deserves something nice in her life." \
The women nodded in agreement. \
Ma continued to stare out the window. Was she thinking about pa? She had been kind of right. Pa couldn't give penance, he\'92d have to be sorry for that. He left to avoid the sideway glances and under the breath scoffs from the neighbors who poured through the house daily, offering condolences, baskets of baked goods, bags of food, and casseroles. \
Neighbors barely had enough for themselves, but during bad times they always stepped up. Losing a baby was the worst of the bad times, according to them. I don't agree. Pregnancy was a respite of sorts. Pa called Bee a fat pig during the last few months; a name we took to with affection since it meant he left her alone. And the stillbirths, those were a blessing too\'96\'96no little pa's around to feed and raise. What was the sense in that? Pa\'92s pa was no good, pa was no good, I was no good, Bee was good but messed up, so likely pa\'92s baby\'92s baby wouldn\'92t be much better. And god forbid if a baby boy had lived\'96\'96just another generation of beatings up-to-bat. \
People said that time would heal the hurt. Again, I\'92d nod on the outside, but inside there was no hurt to heal. I was never sad the babies died. Couldn\'92t blame them for coming into this world and saying, "Fuck no." I felt nothing but an emptiness for not wanting them at all. What kind of woman doesn\'92t want a baby? No matter, it ended how it needed to end, no sense crying over that. \
 \
Mrs. Jones was the most persistent visitor coming three or four times a week for the first few weeks. She had been my fifth-grade teacher, but moved away for a few years with her husband, Michael, before moving back after his death. I seemed to be her special project, maybe thought I was a hopeless case she\'92d save. We were usually invisible to people like her: educated, fancy clothes, and a nice house. Never could figure her angle, but she never let up.\
Through the years, it was during these 'grieving times' as folks called it, she and ma became friends, maybe her only friend, at least the only one I ever saw ma take more than a gossip-sharing liking to. \
On Mrs. Jones' most recent visit, she and ma had talked at the kitchen table while I pretended to pour through the books Mrs. Jones had brought me. I heard them talking about Bee, wondering what to do about her. They both looked real serious with their heads leaned in close, voices low, sniping glances at me every now and again. Sometimes Mrs. Jones would put a hand on ma\'92s knee and ma would put her hand over Mrs. Jones\'92 hand. They talked about Bee as if she was a problem. They seemed more worried about me than Bee. I didn\'92t need their worry, Bee did though. \
A few days later, Ma and Mrs. Jones called me into the kitchen with them. They suggested it was time Bee go out on her own. It was time, Ma kept saying. \
"What do you think about that, dear?" said Ma.\
"I\'92m not living here with Pa without Bee. If Bee goes, I go." I left the room. My stomach turned, my pulse quickened. Where would I go? \
But it didn\'92t stop them talking. Walls were thin. \
"Now why would she say that?" Ma said. \
"You know, she isn\'92t wrong," said Mrs. Jones. "At eighteen years old, she can\'92t keep going on like this. She has to learn that she's strong enough to handle it. After all, ice doesn\'92t melt if there is no heat. People\'92s tolerance of Bee is waning." \
I could hear them sipping coffee. \
"It\'92s not 'cute' anymore," Mrs Jones continued. "She\'92s got to accept the truth or one of these days she is going to break, and you might lose all of her." \
"She can\'92t leave. And she can\'92t stay," said Ma.\
I wasn\'92t sure what they were talking about, but I was sure I didn\'92t like it. Why would Bee leave? Why couldn\'92t she stay? They were talking crazy. I\'92d had enough of this. I walked out the front door, letting the screen door slam so they\'92d know I\'92d been listening.}