{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Chapter 8}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stop fidgeting, please,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Since we\u8217\'92ve been back on the train, you haven\u8217\'92t sat still for 5 minutes. You could have walked from Richmond to Philly, as much as you sat down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I felt sick, I guess from all that adrenaline. But my mind\u8217\'92s going a million clicks an hour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me too. It\u8217\'92s been quite a day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It didn\u8217\'92t start out that way. We had a nice time in Miami, we did some good building the power station. In my dream, you had this look on your face. Everything\u8217\'92s going to be alright it said. We\u8217\'92re going to make it so. I wish I saw that on you now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You told me I said that you were going to make it alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You did, it\u8217\'92s true, but it felt like you meant we were going to do it together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I like you Raefe, but let\u8217\'92s not get ahead of ourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe stared out at New Jersey going by, the abandoned refineries, the far edges of the New York metropolis just beginning. He hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t meant anything romantic by his comment, which didn\u8217\'92t stop Lina\u8217\'92s remark from stinging him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean it that way, no offense. The \u8216\'91we\u8221\'94 was, I don\u8217\'92t know, young people, people on the losing end, really, whoever fits that \u8216\'91we.\u8217\'92 And after today, getting ahead of ourselves is exactly what I want to do. How can a moron like that threaten so many ordinary people, just because he\u8217\'92s what, white, American, Christian.  I\u8217\'92m pissed off \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I guess after fear comes rage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Authentic, I\u8217\'92ve been there. But here we were, trying to do good. What else are we supposed to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whenever we \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  me, you, whomever, say that, we really mean \u8216\'91I can\u8217\'92t do anything about it.\u8217\'92 But I really feel like answering the question \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  what are we supposed to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93People been asking that for a long time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know. Did I ever tell you about my Aunt Layla?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, who\u8217\'92s she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My grandmother\u8217\'92s cousin, but we called her Aunt. She\u8217\'92s in her seventies. She\u8217\'92s a pistol, my mom says she always was. She graduated high school, class of 2000, the original millennial. She remembers a lot about that time, and what her people told her about the time before that. It\u8217\'92s not what we were told. They weren\u8217\'92t just the people who used up the planet and streamed each other cat videos while it happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What were they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She told me that her generation was the first generation of the Slide. Even her older sister expected that each generation would have it better than the one before. They had wars and racism and all that, but it seemed like it was always getting a little better. No one was prepared when it started seriously going the other way, even though they had kind of griped about it before it actually happened. They were all in shock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Every pig eventually finds the trough is empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know, that\u8217\'92s the way we look at them. But her parents, and their parents, plenty of them saw how wrong it was. They tried to sound the alarm, they tried to change things. They just didn\u8217\'92t know how. And the corpos already had their fingers in the government and the schools and that didn\u8217\'92t exactly make for intellectual clarity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So nothing\u8217\'92s changed,\u8221\'94 she declared, case closed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not my point. I know it was just a dream what you said, but it\u8217\'92s running around in my head all day. Why aren\u8217\'92t we trying? I don\u8217\'92t mean you and me, I mean all of us. Well, most of us. How many people do you know are as evil as the people who ruined your dad\u8217\'92s life, or who totally stopped any attempt to keep the ice caps from melting?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Authentic! You know I hate that shit, too \endash  why do I have to hoard carbs \u8216\'91cause some corpo bastard spewed soot everywhere for centuries. Everyone contributed, but everyone wasn\u8217\'92t equally to blame, everyone shouldn\u8217\'92t be equally to shame. \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s just some crap they feed us on the \u8216\'91net,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93\u8220\'93My aunt say that had already started when she was our age, all these corpos rigging it so we have to pay their freight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe your aunt was just some white chick who found out how the rest of world was living all along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know, she said the same thing. That\u8217\'92s what I mean \endash  they were actually wrestling with all of this shit, not just narking out on vids. Anyway, a rising tide floods all coasts, as they say. Everybody acts like we reached Level 17 of some really sooty sim, and we just have to find the magic charm and it will be OK. So far, it\u8217\'92s not OK.What about the future? Are we just going to root around in the marshes for good junk for generations?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you serious about this? Or is this just end of vacation blues? I like your vapor, but I really don\u8217\'92t see how anyone can untangle this mess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about what Alton said \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we all have to figure that out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know the Chinese thought they had it all figured out 100 years ago. Look how that turned out. Shit, America was God\u8217\'92s gift to the world 300 years ago and now it\u8217\'92s mostly in the toilet. Whenever someone\u8217\'92s in my face talking big ideas, I turn around and make sure there\u8217\'92s no one behind stealing my wallet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe laughed. Lina was nobody\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s fool.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, ok, I get your point. But lately, I feel like something\u8217\'92s brewing. You\u8217\'92re not the only person who doesn\u8217\'92t listen to all that crap. Practically nobody does, it seems. And they seem fine for it. Look at our neighborhood \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  everyone in the world lives there. Nobody\u8217\'92s pulling shit like that Davis kid. Everyone likes that you can eat different kinds of food every meal, and hear different music, and you can travel around the world just by talking to people in a coffee shop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think we\u8217\'92re really having an argument,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93I feel that way, too, a lot of times. But the man who did this to me,\u8221\'94 she touched her scar, \u8220\'93he looked just like me but he still held a knife to my head and raped me. And marked me so everyone would know. And you know why he did it? Because he got paid by the Chinese, with all their fine talk about making our lives better, like $5 to terrorize our village and that included raping a 10-year old girl. So you\u8217\'92ll forgive my skepticism.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know whether to hug her or hold her hand or say sorry or say nothing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, fuck, I\u8217\'92m so sorry. But you know what -- I trust you, Lina. I trust that you would never become that person just for revenge, that you wouldn\u8217\'92t do unto others as they have done to you. You would want to make the world better, not worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I might want to kill that motherfucker, but not just for revenge, you\u8217\'92re right. And I love that about you, that you always move toward the light. I just don\u8217\'92t always know where the light is, except the other way from the dark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I need to find that out. After this trip, I can\u8217\'92t just study for tests and hope that I get a not too terrible office serf job and we can afford side by side Tinies. It\u8217\'92s time for me to start poking my head out of the cave and seeing what\u8217\'92s out there.  I can\u8217\'92t quite believe that 200,000 years of evolution and 10,000 years of civilization can only end in a long slide to oblivion.\u8221\'94 }}