{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Aiden sat on the dirt leaning against the side of The Corner Store. Just before lunch, he watched Mo strut to his truck with a duffle bag. "What the hell?" Mo said noticing the note on the seat. Aiden peeked around the corner to see what he was talking about. Mo seemed to scout the area looking for someone but didn't find anybody. He opened the door, shoving the note aside and rolled down his window. "This god forsaken place," he grumbled as he started the truck. Aiden could hear Mo's air conditioner on full blast. After a few minutes, Mo rolled the window back up, and appeared to be reading a note. \
Aiden watched as Mo flipped the note over, then flipped it back again an reread it. When el Brutal rapped on his window, Mo was visibly confused. \
"Go straight to the motorhome. No stops. Got it," said el Brutal. \
Mo looked at el Brutal, "It's got to be the boy. I think he's trying to blackmail us?" \
Aiden knew they meant him. Mo called him "the boy" just to infuriate him. But he wasn't sure what he was supposed to have done. \
"What the hell are out talking about?" El Brutal said. \
Mo read him the note. "You have Susan and Bee XXX 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 [//todo/need last name for Bee's family]
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0  . If you don't return them by this afternoon, I'm going to the FBI and telling them about your money laundering operations here is Jackson. You have until 3:30 pm."\
El Brutal looked around. Aiden popped his head behind the corner to avoid detection. \

\f2\i Susan and Bee? Damn it, Suzie. What the hell are you thinking? \

\f0\i0 Aiden stood out of sight until Mo and el Brutal had left. Then he darted to his car. \
"Caroline? Yea, is me. We have to talk," Aiden said. \
"Whoa, slow down. What's happening?" said Caroline Jones. \
"It's Suzie. She's gone and threatened the Cartel. She threatened to tell the FBI about the other money laundering stores." Aiden sped down the road to his house. "Meet me in the garage, okay? I'm almost there now." \
\
Minutes after Aiden arrived at the garage, Caroline Jones hurried into the side door. \
"Now tell me from the beginning," said Carolyn. \
Aiden told her about Mo and El Brutal's discovery. \
"But wait, why do you think it's from Suzie," asked Caroline. \
"The beginning asks for the return of Susan and, wait for it\'96\'96Bee." \
"Oh dear god." Carolyn lowered her head into her hands.\
"It's all my fault. I should have come clean with her. I was the one who suggested she go to the FBI, but not this way." \
 "Now we have to tell the FBI about the other store," Caroline said.\
"No, no, no. We can't now. Don't you see that? If the FBI goes after those stores, they'llhunt Suzie down and kill her," Aiden paced the length of the garage. \
"What's her end game. She can't bring down the Cartel? And we're not even sure they have Susan? Are we?" \
"I don't know. Even if they did return Susan, assuming they have her like you said, in Suzie's mind will she just automatically think Bee is back? Or does she need to be raped or beaten to believe that?"\
"This could break her, you know," Caroline said. \
"I know," said Aiden nodding his head.\
"You're just about the only one who might be able to get through to her." \
"I've tried, believe me, I've tried." Aiden opened the side door. \
"Where are you going?" \
"To talk Suzie down." \
\
The bosses motorhome seemed even smaller with el Brutal yelling while waving the note. "Who is this Susan and Bee?" el Brutal said, "And who thinks we have them? Somebody better not be running a scam without my permission." \
"Maybe it's a joke? They don't mention any stores specifically. Wouldn't take too much to figure some were needed for an operation this size. It's got to be Jeb's boy," said Mo, "would be just like him not to ask for money. Idiot." \
El Brutal slapped him, "You better get me some answers, and yesterday!" He slammed the door on the way out. \
 \
\
\
 }