{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Game on}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 February 23, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Something tugged at Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s consciousness, pulling him back from the intricacies of wiring up }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Titan Towers}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , the new sim game his team was working on. Without turning around, he knew that Mike, his boss, was walking across the floor to see him. What he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t tell was why, but at least he didn\u8217\'92t feel anything overtly hostile.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Raefe, got a minute?\u8221\'94 Mike asked. Raefe turned around, acting vaguely surprised.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, Mike, what\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How far along are you on the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Titan}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  sim?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pretty far along. I\u8217\'92ve plugged in all the physics algorithms \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  local gravity, Jovian gravity, solar radiation, that kind of thing. Herbie is working on the projectile stuff \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  asteroids, comets and so on. All I have left is to install the low-G effects and then the behavioral algorithms. How will people react to solar storms, alien attacks? You know, the usual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good, sounds like we\u8217\'92re in the home stretch. You do a lot of these sims. Do you like the work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Uh oh, Raefe thought, danger ahead. He still couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t feel any serious negativity from Mike.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s fine. If you do a lot of these, you start to see that they\u8217\'92re all pretty similar. On the one hand, you\u8217\'92ve got an environment with built in limitations and threats. On the other hand, you have humans who have a range of probably responses to each other and the environment. And you want to make this opaque but not invisible to the players. They want to discover what makes the sim world work, and master it. But the outcome is always known \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  life or death, rich or poor, win or lose.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No flies on you. That\u8217\'92s a pretty good summation \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  a lot of guys take many years to see that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe blushed. Had he said too much?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway, I suspected you had a pretty good handle on it, because I usually see your name near the top of the efficiency reports I get. Now I know it\u8217\'92s probably because you\u8217\'92re quite clear about what to do and not that you\u8217\'92re using mind enhancing drugs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No, not repeating my old man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mistakes, Raefe thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. But what I wanted to ask you about is whether you\u8217\'92d want to work on a different kind of sim. Same technology, but different reasons and very different algorithms. And it\u8217\'92s not a game, at least not a pay-to-play one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Huh, sounds interesting. So what is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s part of something called the Civilization Project over at MIT. Have you heard of the Cosmos sim?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where they replay the history of the universe and tweak stuff to see how it all turns out? Sure. Aren\u8217\'92t a lot of our physics codes dumbed down from that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, because our customers don\u8217\'92t have quantum computers to run the full code. Anyway, in a similar vein, they want to simulate the evolution of society.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t sound new. Weren\u8217\'92t some of the very first sim games about building a city, or farming?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is not that. They\u8217\'92re starting with monkeys and ending with our world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK, that\u8217\'92s cool. Yeah, sure, I\u8217\'92d be interested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93MiniWorlds is partnering with them on this. In the end, we\u8217\'92ll get a lot of fresh behavioral code that could give us much richer sims. And guys like you will learn new algorithms and new coding techniques. I can\u8217\'92t really explain more than that. What I\u8217\'92d like you to do is go to a briefing at MIT next week. I\u8217\'92ll let your team leader know you won\u8217\'92t be here. Then let\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}