{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl480\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	Two months passed, and Bee was healed, physically at least. Life with pa resumed, including late-night visits and regular beatings. Things were back to normal. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ma and I headed into town for groceries. Even more shops on main street had withered away like our crops. The Corner Store owned by Jeb Manwell thrived even though a new Walmart had opened a seven months ago. Along with TV\'92s and clothes, it had a sprawling grocery store, three times the size of Jeb\'92s. He lowered his prices just before the opening, but The Corner Store couldn\'92t compete. But ma insisted we shop here. Supporting our own, she said, that\'92s what mattered. More likely we shopped here for the same reason all the other farmers shopped here, because Jeb extended credit to farmers until after the harvest. \
When we walked in, Jeb smiled and nodded to ma. He ignored me as usual, and never acknowledged Bee. He went out of his way to be kind to Ma, but my very existence\'96\'96irritated him. \
The TV on the wall behind the cash register blared "Breaking News." Local Jackson police, during a normal traffic stop on 10
\fs16 \super th
\fs24 \nosupersub  Street, fifteen blocks from here, seized a semi-truck carrying over 1000 pounds of Marijuana. Not really 'Breaking News' around these parts. Jackson shared the Mexico border with Agua de vida, Mexico, just steps away for many ranches. Over the last two years, Bill Derks had seen 46 trucks drive through his cattle ranch after they cut a wide birth in the fence between the two nations. One night a while back, one truck broke down, the driver abandoned it and fled on foot in the middle of the night. Bill\'92s told the story so many times about how he stood watch all night on the porch with his shotgun to make sure the driver didn\'92t have any thought of paying him a visit. Later, authorities seized the truck, and that one too, filled with Marijuana.\

\f1\i "Despite the 1000 pound Marijuana bust, the DEA reports that highly profitable drugs such as opioids and Fentynal are on the rise."\

\f0\i0 Jeb eyed me like scum. He switched the channel. "Mind your own business, girl." \
"Hey, turn that back," shouted Deputy Collins who had been glued to the news. \
I started to sass back, but Mrs. Jones appeared from behind the snack counter and grabbed my arm. \
\'93My goodness, girl. A few weeks of rest did you good. Did you get taller?\'94 Mrs. Jones said, whisking me away from Jeb.\
Folks always have to tell me how tall I am, as if I didn't know. But I didn\'92t mind it from her. Even after she moved away, she stayed in touch with me, pushing me to learn stuff. \
"She bothering you, Caroline?" Jeb said. \
"Shush, Jeb. This lovely young woman?" She waved him off. \
"Watching the news, ain\'92t a crime," I said loud enough for Jeb\'92s ears.\
Jeb mumbled something under his breath as he unloaded the cans of Campbell\'92s Tomato soup. He kept one eye on me, always did. Didn\'92t matter, he never caught me lifting, which I only did when things got desperate\'96\'96and never when ma was here. However, when a can of beans, a potato or two, or a loaf of bread magically appeared in our kitchen, she never asked, I never told. \
The other customers either looked right past me, or they\'92d look me directly in my eyes, huff and turn away. Couldn\'92t blame them. Most of the time, like today, I\'92d come straight from the field and imagine I didn\'92t smell too pretty.\

\f1\i "In other local news, the charges were dropped agains El Brutal 
\f2\i0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f1\i //todo/need full name
\f2\i0 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f1\i , the alleged Drug Lord over Agua de vida territory, after the three women, who had accused him of rape, were found dead, hanging from three different bridges. 
\f0\i0 \

\f1\i "DEA Agent Ralph Lorenzo states that there was not enough evidence to pursue the charges. In addition, the womens' apparent suicides suggested that the accusations were brought in retaliation for them being fired earlier in the year. The shame of that resulted in their suicides." \

\f0\i0 Margaret Carter's booming voice echoed throughout the store. "Genevieve, you got another rose? Persistent, that's for sure." \
"Who do you think it is?" said Dot, slipping a bottle of Tequila into her basket. \
"Hush. Knowing might spoil the fun," said Genevieve. "I hope it never stops." \
The wives' cackle reached the husbands over by the guns and ammunition. They glanced over to the gaggle, and immediately back to the TV news, but it wasn't news to them. They had first-hand experience with the illegals crossing. Years ago, back when things were good, Mr. Darling, like many farmers and ranchers, offered them work. Most of them accepted. Mexicans worked hard, harder than most, and farmers needed the help. But the last few years, it's been less like people fleeing a bad situation looking for a better life, and more like a swarm of deadly bees wanting to cause havoc and chaos. \
"Susan, did you read those books I dropped off last week?" Mrs. Jones always called me Susan, even though that was my mother\'92s name. She reached to give me a hug. I pulled back.\
"Well, only one." I hated when time slipped away without reading. But taking care of the Bee, helping ma, and salvaging our pitiful crop\'96\'96kept Pa off my back.\
"How's things at home, honey?" Mrs. Jones said as she pulled me out of Jeb\'92s ear shot. \
"Fine." \
"Let me see." She lifted my chin with the middle knuckle of her finger. Turned my face from side to side while she inspected. Then she reached out for my hands, pushed up my sleeves and examined each arm. "You got matching bruises on those legs? Don't lie to me, I'll look for myself." \
Ma busied herself near the corn basket. \
I pulled down my sleeves and lowered my head. "Yes, ma'am,\'94 I said. Her attention bewildered me. \
She lifted my chin again. "You don't ever have to lower your face to me," her voice grew louder, "or to anyone else for that matter." She looked straight at Jeb. \
I didn\'92t need to see his face, I could feel Jeb\'92s blood pressure rising. She always said things like that to me, though I was never sure what she meant. \
"Yes, ma'am." I said, knowing that\'92s what she wanted to hear.\
"Your ma told me you birthed a calf last week. All by yourself and just weeks after the\'96\'96well, you know." \
"More like pulled it out," I said with my head high now. "Betty didn't want to give her up. Some of those bruises on my legs I got the normal way. That calf is paying for these groceries. Mr. Perkins bought her," I said, proud that I negotiated a better deal than pa thought possible. But he'd never know it. I stored away the extra to give to ma. Seemed like pa never gave her enough for food, but always complained there wasn't enough to eat. \
"You wrestled a birthing cafe and kept the mamma down? My girl, you\'92re strong enough for anything." \
"Like Father John says, the meek shall inherit..." My voice trailed off, embarrassed I sounded so hoity-toity. \
"Well, Jesus said it first," she chuckled, "and you girl, you are not meek. You are strong, pretty 
\f1\i and
\f0\i0  smart." She bobbed her head. \
She must've been talking to Bee. Covered in salty, sun-dried sweat, I sure wasn't pretty. My aching arms, burning feet, and back spasms\'96\'96remnants of the day in the field\'96\'96didn't make me feel strong. And still stuck in this town at 18 years old\'96\'96proof positive I wasn\'92t so smart.\
Mrs. Jones jerked away from me and grabbed the arm of a young man tucking a six pack of beer under his shirt. \
"Jeb," she yelled. Her slight five-foot two inch frame dragged a red-headed hulk of a young man to the front of the store, "this man is stealing from you." She revealed the beer. \
The man showed no fear. He even smirked at Mrs. Jones and gave Jeb a full-teeth smile. \
I had never seen Jeb at a loss for words before. Mrs. Jones stood faced Jeb with that "Well?" look, and his eye ping-ponged between her and the would-be thief.\
"Jeb?"\
"Eh, yeah, okay, I got this. Thanks, Caroline, I'll take it from here." Jeb walked around the counter, and with one hand under the man's elbow, and one holding the beer, escorted him to the back room.\
"Caroline," Bill Derks whispered. "You shouldn't have done that." He walked out the front door. \
"Are you just going to watch TV or do your job, Deputy Collins?" Caroline turned to see the other men staring at her. \
"Looks like Jeb has it handled. Never you mind, Caroline," said Deputy Collins, his eyes didn't leave the TV. \
Bob Perkins whispered,"That boy has powerful friends." He brushed passed Caroline leaving the store." Several of the other men grabbed their wives and followed him out. \
With her hands on her hips, Caroline shook her head.\
"Hey, Suzie." Aiden, Jeb\'92s son, emerged from the stock room. The mood in the store shifted as if nothing had happened. \'93Great to see you. I've been meaning to call.\'94 \
I jump at the sound of his voice but quickly recovered, "Hey, Aiden." His warm eyes and inviting smile told me he had been talking to Bee, not me. Blushing, I lowered my head. Boys preferred her to me, and I preferred it that way too. I had no interest in boys; hell, I didn\'92t want anything to do with pretty much anybody. Bee'd smile her coy smile that made boys think she liked \'91em. Not sure if she really did, but hoped, one day, she\'92d have the sense to kick every last one of them in the nuts, especially pa. \
Aiden looked like he swallowed a bowl full of sweets, and before he could catch his breath, Jeb yelled, "Aiden, help get Mrs. Carter\'92s groceries to her car." \
Aiden smiled. "We should catch up. And be sure to tell Jacob I said hello," he said, trotting over to Mrs. Carter. \
Folks around town hadn\'92t yet forgotten about Jacob. Most said to say hi, as if we talked to him every day. I wasn\'92t sure what to tell them about my brother. Not word from him since he left for the Army, but also no word from the Army either. That\'92s all I needed to believe he was safe. \
I watched Aiden as he helped Mrs. Carter with her bags; I envied his comfort around people, his ease at talking with them, his deftness at fitting in. Loyalty in his face, but betrayal in his actions. I knew. I\'92ve known him all my life, and over the decades as I vanished into the background, he stood out. Many wondered why he'd even come back here after graduating college. Potential, they said. If kids got out, they didn't come back. I wouldn\'92t.\
Mrs. Jones was grinning at me. \
"What? I got something on my face?" \
She winked and said, "Not a bad catch, eh?"\
 \
Ma and me paid for our two cases of Bud, three pounds of hamburger on special because the sold-by-date had passed, two loaves of bread, and a five-pound bag of brown potatoes. First time we'd ever bought potatoes, but the drought had caused a lot of firsts. \
As we drove off, the would-be-thief hopped into a brand new Ford F-150 Rapture decked out like it was on the center display at a car show. He had two six packs of beer now, and placed them on the front seat before driving off. \
}