{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I pulled into Bobby's place and hid Aiden's truck. Someone might have seen me leave Jeb\'92s. A flip of the visor in Bobby\'92s truck and his keys were in my hand. Bobby was a creature of habit. The keys took on a mirage like appearance. I wiped the eyes. Bobby was gone. \
Shuddering, I started his truck and headed to Aiden's garage to meet Mrs. Jones. \
\
Mrs. Jones jumped up and met me at the door. "My child, what's happened to you? Are you alright?" \
"Aiden's been shot," I said, bursting into tears. \
"What?" Mrs. Jones guided me to a chair. \
"My Pa, and Jeb too." \
"Are they alive?" \
"I don't know." My tears flowed. Mrs. Jones held me in her arms and petting my hair smooth. \
"Ma's dead too," I said. I wiped my tears. "But there's no time for this." I opened my backpack and pulled out the stack of papers. \
Mrs. Jones looked at the papers and back to me. \
"I need your help. There's something here, but I'm not sure what." \
Mrs. Jones read the first page, flipped it over, and repeated until the last page. I sat and watched her, noted every flinch, every flicker in her eyes.\
"You've done it, Suzie. You've got them," Mrs. Jones said after she flipped the last page. "It's everything. Times and dates of shipments, names of bosses, even deeds to land owned by the Cartel under various shell companies. Everything. Where did you get it?" \
"Doesn't matter. A lot of people lost their lives because of that." I rubbed the stack and thought of Ma, Bobby, Angel's Pa, the dozen or more men who had disappeared, Father Joe, and Father John, not to mention the hundreds and hundreds poisoned by their drugs. "And this town. They killed this town." My eyes glued to the stack. \
"Let's call the FBI," Mrs. Jones said, lifting her phone. \
"No. Not yet." I snatched the phone from her hand. "They've been one step ahead the entire time. We can't trust them."\
"What then?"\
"First, we need to add some information to give them the whole picture." \
\
\
"It's 3 a.m. This better be good," said Agent Delacroix, answering his phone.\
"Yes, sir, sorry about the time, sir, but I think this is important. A Mrs. Caroline Jones is here with a package of documents she said was anonymously delivered to her. There in a clear plastic bag." \
"Documents?" \
"Yes, sir. She showed me the top page.\'94 He lowered his voice, \'93It's the organization chart of the Cartel, with names." \
"Holy shit. Call in everyone. I'm on my way." \
\
Mark Delacroix entered the FBI office. Mrs. Jones greeted him by handing him the plastic zip-locked bag filled with documents, 3 inches thick. The top document, an organization chart that announced the names of all the top dogs in CC13, many whom Delacroix knew, but many he didn\'92t. \
Mrs. Jones pulled the package into her chest and folder her arms over it. "In this package is everything required to bring down the cartel. I need your word you'll live up to your promise that Jeb, his family, Suzie, and any store owners threatened into participating in the Cartel's money laundering operation won't face any charges." \
"If that is what you say, I have no need to go after anybody but the Cartel." \
Mrs. Jones handed the package to the Agent. A quick perusal told Delacroix it was likely legitimate. A smaller typed note tucked on top read, 'In one week this info goes public'. \
"What the hell, Caroline? You're threatening to go public with this?" Delacroix raised his voice. \
"Not me. That's how I got it. I couldn't sleep. When I got up, I found this on my computer station, in my home." \
"Aiden?" \
"No, he's still in the hospital, his father too." \
"Have you read it?" \
Caroline nodded. \
"Credible?" \
"I'm no expert, but I'd say so. The numbers they mention align with the what I know about the money laundering operations. Seems authentic." \
\
Before sunup, Delacroix assembled over a 100 agents, who were steeped in planning. The room buzzed with coffee and speculation. Delacroix had the IT team shut down the internet to and from the building, searched and confiscated all wireless and cell devices including phones, wireless mp3 player, e-readers, and smart-watches. He wasn't taking any changes of this getting back to the Cartel. \
\
The FBI accelerated its normal procedures and set out to raid, round up, and collect as much intel, drugs, money, and Cartel members in the coming days as possible. Delacroix excluded local police. The documents included names of cops and amounts paid to them over the years. He didn't want to take the chance there were others. So the state police, FBI agents from around the country, INS and DEA agents were brought to execute simultaneous raids throughout the southwest and parts of Mexico with the cooperation of the Mexican government running their war on drugs.\
"Hey boss, where's Bob? I figured he'd be coordinating all this for you," said an FBI Agent. \
"I've got him out checking out credible intel in Phoenix. He should be back later." Delacroix said. \
"Really? Phoenix? Man, he's gonna be pissed he missed this." \
All the local agents chuckled. \
Raid groups were assigned, and each group briefed separately with details specific to only their operation. Delacroix, alone, grasped the complete plan.\
"Okay, everyone has their orders. When it's your turn to execute, I'll call you. Do not move until you get that call. Understood?" said Delacroix. "Okay then, you're dismissed.\'94\
Bob Palmer walked in through the door. "What's going on? What's happened?" he said to agents storming out the door. \
\'93Bob, welcome back. My office.\'94 Delacroix motioned towards his office.\
"What's happening?" asked Palmer.\
Delacroix pulled a chair in front of Bob, sitting knee-to-knee to his second-in-command. He wanted to see the man's eyes. \
"We got intel about the Cartel. Maybe credible, may not. But more important, and not publicly known, we have a mole."\
"A mole?" Bob shifted in his chair.\
"Yep, and until we identify him, or her, they could alert the Cartel and this would be a very public FBI fuck up."\
Bob cleared his throat. "How can I help, boss?"\
"I want one other person to understand the whole plan. The exact timing of each of the raids, everything." \
"Sure boss, lay it on me." \
The next hour Delacroix briefed Bob on a plan, but not the plan.\
"So, I need you to go straight to the first raid location and scout the area. Report back to me. We need to confirm that it\'92s in fact a Cartel stash house before barging in." \
"Thanks, Mark. I appreciate your trust." Bob read the piece of paper he took from Mark. He nodded to Delacroix and left the room. \
Another agent poked his head into Delacroix's office. "All set?" He nodded towards Bob. \
"Yep, I hope I'm wrong though," said Delacroix. \
}