{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 The Long Game}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 March 19, 2050}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon had been dreading this day for months. But now that it was here, he felt oddly calm. Good, he thought, that is what my part of the waveform will feel like. At least he could rob Hankori of the satisfaction of him being visibly humiliated in front of the council he had led for hundreds of year.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The department heads droned through their reports. For months, Salmerikon had tried to rally Tanoch to some enthusiasm over Lina\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s conversion of her village to sustain a waveform. Or to Raefe\u8217\'92s leverage of that waveform to make great strides in understanding how humanity\u8217\'92s social and biological evolution were interdependent. Tanoch, who had always been his strongest supporter, merely grunted and nodded with underwhelming enthusiasm. Salmerikon had asked him point blank why he seemed so indifferent, but Tanoch hemmed and hawed and mumbled something about being overwhelmed by his imminent transformation to his species\u8217\'92 hermaphroditic phase.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Then their was Manulo, who had usually been a sensible council member. She was actually quite impressed with the Civilization Project\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s final algorithms. Very advanced in some aspects, was how she had put it. Groundbreaking even. But Manulo, as always, was lost in her world of n-dimensional tensors and oblivious to the nuances of normal Council operations. She was barely 200 years old, so maybe time would teach him to engage more with other people. But for now, he saw Salmerikon\u8217\'92s struggles as a distraction.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon knew that Hankori had recruited Anatope and Putnomo to his plan. So it was him and two uninterested Council members against this band of three. Not really a winning hand. He suspected that Anatope might someday reject Hankori \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the young temporal engineer was basically an honest person and would have trouble with Hankori\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s sociopathic tendencies in the long run, he thought. But for today, he was onboard with Hankori\u8217\'92s plan, which was becoming increasingly clear and alarming to Salmerikon. He would keep that knowledge to himself and Aleron, though, and continue to dig until he had the full measure of it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Hankori was the last of the department heads to give his report. Much ado about nothing, as usual. Maybe being the victim of the first coup in Guardian history isn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t so bad after all, he thought, if it means not having to let this claptrap into his mind.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Hankori,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Council members, I want to thank you for your reports. And now I have my own report to give.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 There was a minor ripple in the waveform.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You all know that Aleron and I are having a child together. Sometime in the next decades, I will also transform to female. Both suggest that I can either miss the full joy of either to maintain my Council chair duties, or take another path. After more than 400 years in this role, I have decided to step down from both the chair and the council.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What will you do?\u8221\'94 asked Anatope.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I have some research projects that I\u8217\'92ve been working on slowly in the background  for years. And every Guardian Council chair tries to summarize the lessons of his or her tenure, as part of our permanent record. Between that and my personal life, I think I will be productively busy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93As head of Administration, it falls to me to lead the process of picking a new chair,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93In the meantime, I\u8217\'92m sure everyone here joins me in thanking you for your service.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And with that, it was over. Hankori had succeeded, Salmerikon was still in the dark about what his final goal was, and the Guardians were entering one the most dangerous periods in hundreds of millenia.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}