{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
When Bobby left that night for the mine, he wasn't happy, but had yet to figure a way around my threat. After he was gone, I set my plan in motion. \
I cut out letters from an old magazine and glued them to a piece of paper. In the end, the note looked like the ones you see on TV from serial killers sent to the FBI. This note, however, was for the Cartel. Bully the bully. It had worked for me with the land owners when they tried to cheat the pickers. It had worked on Bobby but it hadn't worked to well with Pa, but sure felt good. One thing I was sure of\'96\'96the Cartel had no intention of letting Bee live, if she were alive at all. But I would know if Bee was dead, I'd feel it; she was alive, I just knew it.\
It sure would be nice to have Aiden verify what Bobby had told me. I wanted to ask Aiden to help, but I wasn't sure whose side he was really on. My gut told me he was on my side, but I couldn't trust my gut, I couldn't trust anyone. I had to do this alone. \
\
I parked the truck about three blocks down and around the corner from The Corner Store and waited until Gold-man arrived. After he went into the store, I walked up to his truck and slipped the note through his window, onto the driver's seat. Now, it was just a matter of time. \
 \
\
\
 \
\
}