{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0
The dancing, the drinking, the food. The party had been a great success. I basked in the memory. Somehow, having fun made me feel pretty. At least until I got out of bed and looked into the mirror.
\par I didn't think I could get any uglier, but at eighteen I was way too tall for a girl, and my hands were as big as a grown man's. I hated my hands, but then one day I took to liking them. Preacher says that God never gives you anything you can't handle, so I figured it was time I used my man-hands for more than work. 
\par Today was the day. Pa was done with beating me, or Ma, without a fight. I was finished with being a piece of beef pummeled into hamburger. Ma's fear was crippling. I guess it was up to me. 
\par Pa made me glean the fields after machines had their chance. Late in the afternoon, when it was too hot to pick, I\rquote d be out there picking the scraps by hand. The sun\rquote s heat radiated into my bones, my finger bled, my back stiff. Pa thought he was punishing me, but I loved it. Here, it was quiet. Here I was safe. 
\par Life had long since left the field; the plants left for dead. Yet, I pulled life from that death. After I was done, it would be plowed under to prepare for next year. Its resurrection\emdash something hopeful about resurrections. 
\par I loved working the farm. Here I was, my own boss. I felt strong. Here I never worried about Bee. 
\par It was a good day. I had picked seven bushels. If I could, I would\rquote ve picked into the night. But I knew better than to be late for dinner. I loaded up the bushels but headed in the opposite direction of home. 
\par
\par "Mr. Perkins," I called out. 
\par "Suzie. Been pickin\rquote  I see. When\rquote s your daddy gonna learn they got machines for that now? Look at you, girl\emdash you\rquote re a mess." He shook his head as he looked me up and down. 
\par "Yes, sir, been pickin\rquote . You want to buy a bushel for half what you get for it at the market?"
\par "Why sure, but if your daddy finds out you\rquote re giving way his cotton, he\rquote ll have both our heads." 
\par I stood with bushel in hand. "Probably best we not tell him then." 
\par "What are you gonna do with the money?" 
\par "Maybe get out of this place someday." 
\par "Yeah, yeah, and I\rquote m going to be a movie star." Mr. Perkin's chuckle was more lighthearted than usual. "One bushel ain\rquote t going to make me rich, but if it helps you out, okay." He gave me a wink. "I\rquote ll give you half what you\rquote re asking for, that will make up for the risk I\rquote m taking with your Pa." Mr. Perkins reached out for the bushel. 
\par "Appreciate the offer, but I'll find another buyer." I said. 
\par "Oh now, don't get all huffy on me. I'll take it." 
\par I knew he'd take it. We do this dance every week.
\par I handed him the bushel and waited for him to go into the house and bring back the money. 
\par Half-mile down the road, I stopped, took off my shoe and put the money in my sock. Couldn\rquote t risk Pa finding it. 
\par The stench of my skin charred by a mixture of sweat, blood, and dried fertilizer walked into the room before I did. 
\par "How much?" Pa stammered before the front door even closed. 
\par "Six bushels." I clenched my man-hand around the doorknob and braced myself\endash \endash today was the day, I reminded myself. Very few days passed without a beating. Kind of like getting up in the morning, brushing my teeth, milking the cow\emdash and somewhere in there\emdash getting a beating. 
\par "Six bushels? A damn jack-ass could pick more." He barreled across the kitchen.
\par Ma peaked around the corner; her damp cheeks glistening with fresh bruises. As Pa pulled back his fist, Ma cowered and disappeared into the bedroom. The sight of her recent bruises heated a volcano inside me. When his fist jabbed my cheek, my head bounced back against the door jamb. It was Ma who wailed from the back room like a hawk protecting her young.
\par Then my big man-hand flew up from my side, elbow crooked, fist balled, and the volcano within erupted under his chin with a powerful upper-cut snapping his head back so far, he staggered into the table pushing it against the refrigerator. 
\par He shook his head, stunned maybe, but no more than me. I froze. Ma shrieked and slammed the bedroom door. 
\par "You god-dammed son-of-a-bitch." With blood in his eyes, his veins pulsed. His fury swirled like a tornado, and I was in its eye. 
\par
\par I don\rquote t remember much after that.
\par
\par Later that night, Pa stumbled out of the spare bedroom and into bed with ma. A while later, Bee made her way back to our room. I could feel her tears. 
\par "Damn girl. One of these days, I swear, I\rquote m going to kill him!" 
\par The mirror doesn\rquote t lie. He\rquote d pounded her good. The insides of her thighs already showing blue contrasted with the red hand-marks on her arms where he held her down. 
\par "We gotta learn to fight back," I said. We have to fight back. But thought again as I looked at the battered woman with streaming tears we reflected in the mirror. If that was the result of fighting back, maybe it was better to take the beatings. She look bad. 
\par Fighting back might kill us. Or him. 
\par}