{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Island life}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe and Lina were jammed into a big helicopter with 54 other fugees. A half dozen Brightstar mercs kept an eye on them, hands never far from their weapons. The chopper roared off the launch pad, the noise of the rotors and the wind a thick fluid filling the cabin.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could smell the sea now, as the wind whipped through the open chopper door. They passed over Logan Airport, its runways lying drowned, feet to the terminals, heads under water. Deer Island was once again an actual island, the causeway leading to it submerged and little but the globes of the waste water plant visible above the surf. To the right, the thick stone walls of an old colonial fort stuck 5 meters out of the water like an aquatic Stonehenge, their foundations invisible beneath the choppy water. To the left and right, the familiar coastline of the harbor was blurred and smudged by the new tide line and tons of sandy mud.  Near the sea, roads  came and went, sea walls had become islands, half-drowned buildings tilted in the surf.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Coming from the Somerville hills, down across the shore, out over the drowned islands, Raefe felt like some character in an ancient myth. A character descending into a watery underworld, filled by souls the planet had washed from the land.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He watched Lina\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s brown curls swirl in the wind, exposing the ugly, ropey scar on her right ear she never talked about. He knew that she got it as a girl in Efricar, during the civil war there. What was going through her mind, to have survived the Efricar holocaust, escaped to Sofricar, migrated here, and now, once again a fugee and for all practical purposes, a prisoner? He could feel her anger and her sadness, but something else he couldn\u8217\'92t quite name. Something dark and deep. Was it the same feeling that was enveloping him, that they were refugees now, not from some human conflict, but from nature itself?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They swept out over the open water and soon Truro Island was in sight. They landed on field of hard packed dirt on a bluff 25 meters above the ocean. Their first words of welcome to the island were an incessant, robotic, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Single file, single file\u8221\'94 from the mercs grabbing their arms and pulling them off the helicopter. A soldier gave them a more informative introduction through a bullhorn.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93East Somerville Work Detail welcome to Sea Wall Construction Camp Alpha. You will be reporting here at this exact spot every  morning, Monday through Saturday. Sunday is yours. Sergeant Merto will be your work detail leader. Sergeant!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes sir! Listen up. You are on Truro Island, surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean. See those seals on the sandbar? They\u8217\'92re sitting there so they don\u8217\'92t get eaten by great white sharks. It\u8217\'92s October and prolonged immersion in the water is cold enough to kill you, even if the sharks don\u8217\'92t. The mainland is 30 miles from the other side of the island. You will all be chipped in the arm. If you get lost, we can find you. If you run away, we will find you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re all here because Hurricane Fatima broke the Atlantic Sea Wall and made you homeless. So now you can work off your relief aid by rebuilding the wall. Specifically, the part of that sea wall extended from Truro Island north to Cape Ann. We will load up barges with supplies and go out to the work sites. Some days we will return, some days we will stay out on mobile work camps on the water.  The work will be hard, but you\u8217\'92ll get three squares and a roof over your head at night. We\u8217\'92re all here to do a job, but we won\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t tolerate any funny business in the camp. No gambling, no pimping, stealing \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you get the picture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lastly, some of you fancy yourself some kind of lawyer and you\u8217\'92re going to ask me about your rights. Forget it. For all practical purposes, you are no longer in the United States, you are an employee of Digi Brands. And Digi has subcontract to Brightstar to take any and all means necessary to get this wall built. Short of executing you, we have total authority while you are here. This project is forecast to take 11 months. After that, your life is yours to fuck up how you want. Meanwhile, don\u8217\'92t screw this up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Lina whispered to him, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to my world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  They got injected in the arm with a tiny telemetry capsule and then were issued yellow overalls with names and numbers written in red marker. He was now Epstein Miller, 4456, she was now Kawambai Yang, 5198. The whole crew spent the afternoon putting up large tents where they would sleep. Just like Somerville, sleeping quarters were divided three ways into families, males, and females, with a fourth tent for eating.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Night brought a quiet to the camp. Back in Somerville, some of the people had played cards at night. Sometimes small groups gathered around the few people who had rescued a guitar and sang songs. This night, no one was in the mood for socializing. After a desultory meal of curried lentils, with a token bit of chicken, Raefe and Lina wandered aways from the tents. A big oak had somehow survived all the hurricanes, and they sat down against it, the camp to their backs. He had never seen so many stars.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think they\u8217\'92re laughing at us up there?\u8221\'94 he wondered. He put his arm around Lina but felt her stiffen. He knew that sometimes Lina didn\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t want comfort, so he let it go.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Only if their world isn\u8217\'92t as fucked as this one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a thought \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  what would they say to us if we could talk to them? From a world that made more sense this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That made any sense,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93How does it make sense that two kids like us, just trying to put one foot in front of the other, almost drown in a catastrophic flood, and now are risking death working against our will on a construction project in the middle of the ocean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She stood up, fidgety, pacing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Raefe answered. \u8220\'93Can I ask you, was this what is was like when you were a kid in Efricar?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "No kids in Efricar," Lina said, looking away from him, staring out across a barren field. "Just little people trying to live long enough to get big. Living like this was not the worst that could happen to you.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could hear seals barking and squealing 50 meters offshore as they pushed and shoved for the best sleeping spots. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Twenty years ago, we left their world. Wonder if they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re happy to see us back, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 he thought. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I think you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll get your island back soon enough.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re putting on your armor for the long haul, aren\u8217\'92t you? You\u8217\'92re getting ready for another couple of years of this,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s OK. I can feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina looked at him sharply. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know what\u8217\'92s in my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the thing,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I realize I do know some of it, a lot of the time. And not just you. The night of the flood, why I woke up? I felt the screams and the terror of the people at the water\u8217\'92s edge, the first people to drown. I thought it was a dream, but it was the real thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He wanted to tell her about Aleron, but it didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t feel like the right time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just say that since that night, I\u8217\'92ve been paying more attention. The headaches and all that \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I realize I was just overwhelmed by other people\u8217\'92s feelings sometimes. I\u8217\'92m just one of those people that\u8217\'92s very tuned in, subconsciously, to other people. I can smell anger, or lust. Strong emotions like that, I can feel them in other people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She eyed him silently for a few seconds. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you think you feel what I\u8217\'92m thinking?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not so much in words as images and feelings. Alright, tell me I\u8217\'92m wrong. When we were on the dinner line, you saw those lentils and you thought about eating those with your mother in Efricar. It was a nice memory, like you were a girl sitting with your mom under a tree, eating. But then it hit you hard, right, here I am, like a girl in Efricar, in a camp with soldiers. And you instinctively wiped any expression of your face so the guards couldn\u8217\'92t decipher you, because that\u8217\'92s what you learned in that camp. That\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s what I meant about armor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina looked away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re freaking me out. I don\u8217\'92t know if I realized that myself, but you hit it pretty much on the head, now that I think about it. All this time we\u8217\'92\u8217\'92ve been together, you\u8217\'92ve been doing this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not at all. I started to realize something was going on,\u8221\'94 he said. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Make something up, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not time to tell her about Mars Girl. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I found stuff on the net, here and there. People like me are called empaths. Everyone is a bit of an empath. I\u8217\'92m just more so. And because we\u8217\'92re already close, I get more of you than I do of strangers. Anyway, I just wanted to say that you don\u8217\'92t have to put up your armor with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Seems like it won\u8217\'92t work anyway. But I\u8217\'92m worried about you \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  armor is a good thing when you\u8217\'92re surrounded by hatred. You don\u8217\'92t want to be smelling that too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, need some anti-hatred deodorant,\u8221\'94 he laughed. \u8220\'93But you know what? I think we\u8217\'92re going to be OK. These guards \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they\u8217\'92re pretty relaxed. Just doing a job. I don\u8217\'92t think they\u8217\'92re waiting to gun us down soon as we\u8217\'92ve finished the wall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about the sharks? What are you smelling from them?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  In the morning, they piled on to flat bed trucks that took them to the beach. They drove along empty, broken asphalt roads, a black ribbon through the grey forests, leaves long killed by years of salt-laden hurricanes. Here and there, the dead wood was streaked black from lightning fires. Around a corner, the sun shone bright off something green. They drove closer \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it was algae growing in the salt ponds, safe from the ocean waves. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The beach was a different story. There were trucks, piles of materials, many trucks unloading prisoners and supplies. Zodiacs came and went. They sat huddled in one, then get off on a sandbar. The seals barked at one end while they stood knee deep at the other, building a pylon out of recycled plastic blocks. The morning sun warmed the shallows but by afternoon the clouds had rolled in and they could no longer feel their feet. The guards let them rotate in and out of the water, giving them a few minutes to get the feeling back in their feet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe found himself sitting on mound of building supplies next to the man who had interrupted Robertson back in Somerville. He tipped his head to Raefe and grunted a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alton Winchester,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m guessing you\u8217\'92\u8217\'92re Raefe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know my name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I saw with you with Lina. Used to see her down at the K&K. She talks about you a lot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I dug what you did the other day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of the guards came over and glared at them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright ladies, I\u8217\'92m sure your little footsies are warm enough now. Back to work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they trudged back into the water, Alton looked back for an instant, mouthing \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look me up tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That night, in the mess tent, they found Alton and sat down next to him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So here we are,\u8221\'94 Alton said to Lina. \u8220\'93Two fugees trying to survive the apocalypse again. And not even Kayam\u8217\'92s Cubanos to make it almost worthwhile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t missed a beat with that Goodstuff Benjamin track,\u8221\'94 Lina said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me and Alton always ago round about him,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a Nigerian guy Alton\u8217\'92s into.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not just a guy,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s a teacher, a leader. He\u8217\'92s the head of the New Voodo Army. They\u8217\'92re into mass resistance to the corpos, the mercs, the religious extremists.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So pretty much every authority figure in the world,\u8221\'94 Raefe laughed. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s left to run things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They are,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the point. The NVA is all about self-determination.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alton, before you give us that speech,\u8221\'94 Lina said, \u8220\'93I have to ask you. Did we just go from being fugees in Somerville to prisoners on an island?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not wrong,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93Technically, we can leave. But we give up any claim to any benefits or support. Total free agents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Son of a bitch,\u8221\'94 Lina swore. \u8220\'93Where would we go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wherever we go, we are always in the diaspora. Nothing has changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When I came here five years ago, I thought I was leaving all that behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Same for me. I came here in \u8216\'9139 from Jamaica, after the plague. I was one of the 5%, the immune ones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on,\u8221\'94 Raefe asked. \u8220\'93What just happened?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They only tell us half the story,\u8221\'94 Winchester said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been in touch on the Net with different folks.  That storm was the worst since the \u8216\'9141 floods. But the impact was the biggest ever because it hit so many people and it was in the belly of the beast. The New York financial center. The Boston bioinformatics complex. The  US economy brought to its knees. Beaches littered with dead fish. Fresh water reservoirs turned into salt ponds.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where does this all fit in?\u8221\'94 Raefe said, waving around the chopper.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like Digi swooped in, forced the Feds to give them a lot of East Coast territory. It\u8217\'92s a disaster zone now, but they get to run their own economic zones near all the big metro hubs. They pay no taxes, they can squeeze their competitors, and call the shots about what gets rebuilt and what doesn\u8217\'92t. First thing they want to do is protect their investment, get this sea wall up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later that night, Raefe lay awake on his cot, still but unable to sleep. For much of his life, he had felt overwhelmed by the constant flux of people and their feelings. This place reminded him of a long car ride he had taken as a little boy, somewhere out in the midwest where it was empty between the cities. Cars were still common then, and there was still radio, before they all got Voices and eyeball \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91\u8216\'91puters and everything was there on the Net. His mom sat in the front seat, trying to find music on the radio dial. But there was nothing but static, the empty sound of the universe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now, his mind was a radio, and he could hear faint signals from all the stations in all the minds around him. Most of it was fatigue and despair. But there were notes of affection for friends, happiness over small things, and always, the desire to hope. I have a gift, he thought, that I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to do with. Where was Mars Girl when you needed her?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}