{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl480\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The swamp cooler, servicing Jeb\'92s backroom offered no relief during monsoon season in Arizona. Air, heavy with moisture, dampened not only everyone\'92s clothes but also their moods. Sweat of desperation stained Mark Leon\'92s shirt; he needed this job. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 "Wife\'92s name?" asked a large man wearing a dark suit, looking at the incomplete job application. \
Mark Leon, a local farmer, hesitated, fascinated by the glint coming off of the man\'92s gold tooth that matched his gold earning.\
"Do you want the job or not?" 
\fs36 \

\fs24 "Abegail," Mark replied. \
"Kids? How many, and names?" \
"My kids?" Sweat beads formed.Mark cocked his head.\
"You heard me. Now answer or get out." \
Mark had three inches and thirty pounds on the man in front of him. He locked eyes with him. Remembering his drought-devastated farm, and the bank notice on his desk, he lowered his stare to his lap. \
"Angel and Maricela," said Mark. \
"You know how this works?" \
"No, just that you're hiring," he cleared his throat, "and you pay good." \
"We do," said the man, "but not for nothing." \
The farmer furrowed his brow. \
"Look, you work hard, do what we say, and mind your own business. But mostly we pay you to stay quiet." The man lifted his face to the blowing air. "Get it? You can\'92t tell anyone, not an-nee-one, about where you work, who you work for, or what you're working on," the man said, spiting as he talked. \
"But what do I tell my wife?" asked the Mark. \
"What the fuck do I care." The man tapped the application. "My insurance. Tell no one. Or your family pays." \
The farmer\'92s eyes opened wide, he drew-in his chin. 
\f1\i Who are these people?
\f0\i0  His breathing, rapid and shallow. \
"But for $500 per night for six hours work, it should all be worth it," said the man. \
"$500? Per night?" The pit in Gilbert's stomach tightened. With that kind of money, he\'92d be back on his feet in no time. He wouldn\'92t have to stay long at all. This can\'92t be legal, he thought, but his god-fearing life did nothing to pay his mortgage, or feed his family. \
"Yeah, 500-bucks per night. You think you can keep your trap shut for that?"\
The farmer\'92s head nodded as acid rose to his throat. \
"Start tonight. See you at midnight." The man opened the back door. "Julio," he called out. \
"Whatcha need, Mo?" said Julio.\
"We got another one," Mo laughed and shoved the compliant Mark out the door, causing him to stumble to the ground.\
Outside, in the alley, a few men gathered around the recruit. \
"You get the rules?" said the big one.\
 Mark nodded, brushing himself off. \
"Say 'em." \
Mark repeated the rules; they were hard to forget. \
"Okay then. Now, tell your wife, family or friends, anyone who asks, that you\'92re working on a construction crew for the new casino." \
Mark had never lied to his wife. But if he didn't, he'd lose the farm. He nodded agreement to the lesser sin. \
The smaller guy said he\'92d swing by Marks' house at 11:45, for his first night\'92s work. \
\
As planned, a truck arrived at Gilbert\'92s house just before midnight. No honk, it just sat there. Mark fought with his wife earlier that evening about whether he should go. Abegail was no dummy. She knew he was lying, but she lived with the desperation they both felt. Mark jumped into the truck-bed while Abegail listened from the bedroom.\
\
While Mark adjusted to his new job, a man crept to the back of Mark\'92s home where his wife and children lay sleeping. He glanced into a window and could almost smell the homemade apple pie cooling on the counter. He picked the lock and stepped into the house, taking a beat to insure no one stirred. A fork laying on a mat next to sink called out to him and he dug into the pie. Stuffed, he stuck the fork, upright, into the unfinished half. \
He eyed pictures of a young girl, woman really,  and an older looking boy taped to the refrigerator door. Removing the fork from the pie, he placed the pictures on the crust. With more force than needed, he stabbed the children's photos and left the fork protruding from their faces. \
He inspected his work. A grin spread across his face. \
He slithered out the backdoor. \
\
Around 5:00 am, Gilbert\'92s first shift ended. The group of men flowed out and formed a line. \
"What's going on?" whispered Mark. \
The man standing next to Mark looked straight ahead and said nothing. His eyes blank. Like a sheep, Mark joined the line, not knowing why but not wanting to be the only man who didn\'92t. When he got to the front, the foreman offered Mark an envelope, but when he reached for it, the foreman pulled it back.\
"Remember the rules," said the foreman. \
Gilbert's eyes darted. \
"Tell NO one. We know where you live with your precious Abegail and your two hijos, Angel and Maricela," continued the foreman, botching the Spanish word for children. He held out the envelope again. \
Mark hoped the anger rising from his neck\'96\'96like the foam of a pot ready to boil over\'96\'96might fuel his courage to spit in his eye and refuse the envelope. That's what a real man would do. \
But he wasn't a real man. A real man could feed his family and keep a farm alive without help from likes of these men. Snatching the envelop, he'd never felt so small. \
\
When Mark arrived home, his wife, Abegail, was pacing the length of the porch. Mark\'92s mouth went dry.\
Abegail took him by his arm and ushered him to the kitchen. She pointed to the apple pie. \
Anger laced with fear pumped through Mark. The money in his pocket seared his thigh. He ripped the fork out of the pie and tried to clean the pictures as best he could, but the fork holes in the middle of his children\'92s faces sent the intended message. 
\f1\i We know where you live.
\f0\i0  \
"It won't happen again." Mark turned to check on the kids. \
"You know who did this? \
"Leave it, Abegail. Just leave it." Gilbert\'92s head spun, every muscle in his body tight.\
"Like hell. I'm calling the police," said Abegail.\
"No!" He grabbed his wife's upper arms and shook her. "No police."\
"You're hurting me." She pulled away. "What\'92s going on, Berto?" \
Mark couldn't move. He watched his wife rub her arms. 	
\f1\i God, what have I done?
\f0\i0 \
"What would we tell them? Someone ate our pie and moved the photos," he forced a chuckle, trying to lighten the mood. "Besides, everyone knows you make the best pie in town. Who wouldn\'92t want to break-in for that?" He pulled his wife in for a hug. "Did the kids see this?" \
"No, they're still sleeping." \
"Good. Good. Let\'92s get this cleaned up. And forget all about it." }