{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "It will be announced today," said the man on the phone. \
El Brutal listened as he paced the length of the motor home.\
"Are you sure?" asked El Brutal. \
"Dead sure. FBI heads will fly, and I don't want mine to be one of them. You gotta get me out of here. We had a deal." \
"Yeah, yeah, tell me the details," said El Brutal. \
"We recovered no money, during the raid on the dry clearers. Zero-zip-nada."\
"None?" \
"Not a penny."\
El Brutal clicked off his phone and threw it against the wall like a fast ball in the ninth with two outs.\
 "Get Johnson on the line," El Brutal screamed to his assistant in the next room. \
He picked up the phone. "Whose signature is on the last drop to the dry cleaners. \
"Let me check," said the Cartel accountant. "It's signed by Mo, $750,000 received by Mo from Aiden Manwell, and Mo delivered it to the dry cleaners on the same day."\
"Was there anyone there to confirm the delivery." \
"Not usually. Dry Cleaner deliveries are usually done around lunch - they're pretty busy around then. Not likely anyone would have noticed. Besides, we don't usually require Mo to have a receipt signature."\
El Brutal clicked off his phone. "Damn it."\
Bobby walked into the motorhome. \
"Well, well, surprised you have the stones to walk in here," El Brutal.\
"Look, look. I didn't lie to you about David. I thought he was dead. Really I did. I even helped move his body. And you know, when you move a body, you think someone's dead. But turns out he wasn't. I didn't know, really. I can make it up to you. Yeah, I can make it up to you. I know where he is, you can send one of your goons to get him," Bobby rambled. "I think he might have stole from you too, but you already know that. Of course you know that." Bobby lowered his head. \
El Brutal remained silent. So 
\f1\i David stole my $750k?
\f0\i0  
\f1\i It wasn't Mo. 
\f0\i0 This was proving to be interesting.\
"I don't know where the stash is, but I know where David is. Really, really I do. And I was thinking, maybe if I tell you where he is, that will square things between us and I can go back to work for you. Maybe even get promoted or something for, like, helping you out on this." \
"Hmmm," El Brutal raised an eyebrow.\
"Or not, whatever, just getting back to work would be good. We'd be square, right?"\
"Where?" El Brutal asks. \
"Where? Here, we'll be square here, now, right?" Bobby blathered. \
"No seas menso," El Brutal said, whacking Bobby in back of the head. "Where is David and my $750k? You moron."\
"$750 large?" Bobby almost choked on his own spit.\
"Where's David," El Brutal screamed. \
"Oh yeah, David, of course, where is David. We got a deal, right? He's at the old hunter's shack just off of State Route 63, about 3 mile into the desert, near the river bottom. Well he's probably not there now, he was there, I mean. I don't know, maybe he's there now..." \
El Brutal clutched Bobby shirt near his neck. "Stop. Enough with your vomit. As I see it, you owe me." He said, thrusting him against the wall.\
"Yeah, yeah, I owe you, sure. But I'm paying - I telling you where David it, you can get him, and maybe get your stuff he stole too." \
"You help him steal from me?" El Brutal asked.\
"No! No, not me, not really. I mean I found out about it after-the-fact like. But I didn't know nothing about it before. No, no, I wasn't involved with it, or helping him or anything like that." \
El Brutal was amazed at how many words could rush through Bobby's mouth in one breath. \
"You get David, we're good, right?" Bobby's voice pitched higher.\
El Brutal let go of Bobby's shirt but stayed within a nose length of his face, close enough to smell fear oozing from Bobby's pours.\
After a beat El Brutal stepped back. "My 
\f1\i goons
\f0\i0  are busy. We'll be 
\f1\i square
\f0\i0  when you take care of David. Get me my $750k first, then kill him. Make him an example to the others. We don't tolerate thieves."\
"What? Wait? You want me to 
\f1\i kill
\f0\i0  David?" Sweat trickled from Bobbys scalp, past his temple.\
"You want to be 
\f1\i square
\f0\i0 , right? You want to play a bigger role here\'96\'96what'd you call it\'96\'96a 
\f1\i promotion
\f0\i0 , right?" El Brutal ricocheted Bobby's own words. "Bring me my money and his hand and we'll be square. \
"Square. Good, that's good. Yeah, yeah. That'd be great. Okay, then, I'll figure something out. Then we'll be square." \
"You have until tomorrow, and no more chances. The money and David's head on a stick -- or your dead."\
Bobby nodded. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 That little twerp might earn his keep after all. El Jefe will never know.
\f0\i0  \
\

\f1\i  
\f0\i0 Bobby gripped the wooden banister; his legs like spaghetti, his body trembled. \

\f1\i $750K? No way. I'm out of here.}