{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Timelines}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron was pleased to see that Raefe was integrating the experience well. She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d broken the rules, but at least it hadn\u8217\'92t turned out badly.  Raefe was on a good track now, but would it matter? Her scans of Earth suggested escalating ecological breakdowns. Her scans of the 1,000 or so mild entanglers that she monitored showed definite signs of escalating social stress on humans. A billion years of history had shown those two combinations to be hard to overcome.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe Anatope would know something. She was an ambassador, he was a timeline analyst. He could help her understand what she was up against. They were old friends, so he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d probably not be suspicious of what she was attempting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, \u8216\'91Tope, I\u8217\'92m hoping you can help me understand something,\u8221\'94 she said, emphasizing his familiar name.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, what do you need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You remember a while ago the council asked me to keep an eye on Earth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, the planet that never stops killing itself,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, that\u8217\'92s harsh. Why do you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know why they gave you the assignment, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92m pretty junior and it\u8217\'92s kind of a marginal civilization?\u8221\'94 Aleron replied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92ve been saying that all along. But when you were still a cadet, Hanakori first took on Earth. He was an ambassador then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Really? He never struck me as being that interested in other species. I thought he was more of an organization type.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, now,\u8221\'94 Anatope said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s quite brilliant. He was the first to detect the beginnings of an advanced civilization on Earth. He felt their entanglement powers were weak, but promising. But it didn\u8217\'92t work out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He was able to make contact with several promising leaders, and they began to build a following. But he didn\u8217\'92t really understand the human makeup \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he didn\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t see that some of his contacts were not empaths at all. They were self-delusional characters who thought they had superior abilities to connect with their fellow humans. I believe in their culture they call this a \u8216\'91sociopath.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She wondered how Hanakori could mistake an empath for a sociopath \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  a conversation for another day.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He must have felt terrible,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93How did his assignment end?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93After a decade of working with them, there was a nuclear war in their year 1962. In your timeline, they call it the Cuban missile crisis because it was avoided, but we had to move more than a dozen of his contacts to more favorable timelines. Or so we thought. Some of them had their own catastrophic wars \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the Middle East in 1976, Korea in 2012, Iran in 2017, Pakistan in 2023 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the list goes on. The others we transferred wound up in timelines where there was less war, but the unrestrained economic growth led to faster environmental collapse. Hanakori couldn\u8217\'92t take it \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he resigned and transferred to the administration wing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s discouraging. So why did they give it to me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anatope was uncomfortable. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do I have to spell it out for you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you do. I\u8217\'92m not seeing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Al, I know how capable you are. But the truth is, most of the council agreed with Hanakori that Earth was a waste of time. But Salmerikon can be stubborn when he thinks he\u8217\'92s right and he wouldn\u8217\'92t join that consensus. And when he assigned you, well you must know that it\u8217\'92s no secret that you\u8217\'92re more than colleagues. No one was going to buck him. So they voted with him. If it been anyone else, they would have voted it down.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She considered what he was saying. It wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t impossible, but it didn\u8217\'92t feel right. Arguing, though, would only make it worse.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if that\u8217\'92s why I got the job,\u8221\'94 she said evenly, \u8220\'93\u8220\'93but it\u8217\'92s certainly not why I\u8217\'92m sticking with it. I\u8217\'92m sorry if you think I\u8217\'92m just here to soothe Salmerikon\u8217\'92s vanity. From where I\u8217\'92m sitting, there is some cause for optimism about Earth. But I need to understand what the timelines show. What am I up against?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can give you some ideas, but I can\u8217\'92t give you too many specifics.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92Tope, I\u8217\'92m not an idiot. I\u8217\'92m not going to bring on another Orion Belt disaster, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK, OK, always have to give that little speech about not going back into the past to change the present. So let\u8217\'92s look at Earth across the timelines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A column of light rose from the floor, showing the metaverse of the millions of alternative universes that had Earths. Many were very similar and grouped like trees, with common roots but ending in different branches. Anatope was trained to read the timelines, just as she had been trained to read entanglers across the wormhole interface.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What you see is that at the present, there are several major trees of outcomes. The largest tree shows a steady decline punctuated by various crises \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  war, famine, disease, all aggravated by out of control warming, predatory social structures, and a variety of lesser ills. In short, the Earth you are currently focused on. There are other smaller trees: runaway warming, leading to a Venusian climate, total nuclear annihilation, escapes to space, most of which fail. I can\u8217\'92t really see beyond 100 years, since there are too many variables in our model.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not very encouraging. In the current tree, are there any signs of hope?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hard to say. Ironically,  in the timelines that failed earliest, there is some regeneration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s odd. Why would that be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it looks like in some timelines there was a Third World War right after the Second World War and some nuclear weapons were used. But at the time, there weren\u8217\'92t that many. There were over 300 million people killed. There was more of a nuclear autumn than a nuclear winter.  The near armageddon caused some reflection about the way forward that has yielded some fruit in several time lines. And the increased desire to avoid future catastrophes bled over into tackling the greenhouse gas problem, so climate change has been much more moderate. Plus the nuclear autumn brought them some time on that front.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why didn\u8217\'92t we focus on those worlds?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Earth project started only a few years after those timelines blew up. Our models didn\u8217\'92t show much promise. As we usually do, we went for those timelines that were least likely to self destruct.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She knew there was something in these humans. To survive partial annihilation on that scale and rebound was a feat on the scale of the U Maw, the first Guardians. Who would be their Na\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92Wra? Was it Raefe?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92ve given me a lot to think about. We\u8217\'92ll talk more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}