{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0
After two years of drought, a ballooning bank loan, and no income, ma took in more ironing. I gleaned local corporate farms, and for a while had worked nights at the local dry cleaners, closing the store, tallying the day\rquote s receipts. By the third year, we supported the household. 
\par But weekends, after chores, was my time. On Saturday, I bounced out of bed earlier than usual so that I could collect the eggs, feed the chickens and horses, and muck the barn. With the farm fallow, pa disappeared after breakfast most Saturday mornings. Sometimes he'd reappear at Church the next day, but more often we wouldn't see him until he'd come home demanding his Sunday dinner. The second the screen door shut behind him, I gathered my books and raced to Mrs. Jones, checking over my should to make sure pa wasn't lurking around. 
\par When Mrs. Jones returned to Jackson, she insisted I drop by her house as often as possible to continue my education. "You don't need a classroom for learning," she'd tell me. 
\par I looked forward to my visits with her. Bit by bit, through her stories, questions, examples and puzzles, and books, I learned real stuff, usable stuff, stuff I could use to get out of this town. Mrs. Jones taught me about money and how to track it. I couldn\rquote
t for the life of me figure what someone like me, who had dropped out of school, lived on a drought ravaged farm, and was too ugly and too mean to ever get hired, could have a knack for numbers, but oddly enough I took to it. Maybe there was a chance for me.
\par "The topic for this week is 'Follow the money.' Let's make this real," Mrs. Jones opened her purse and took out a one-dollar bill. "Now write something on this dollar bill, something only you would write." 
\par "What? Why?" I cocked my head. 
\par "You'll see. Now do it." 
\par I took the dollar bill and put three stars on it. "One for ma, one for Bee, and one for Jacob," I said. 
\par Mrs. Jones smiled at me and touched my arm. "Ok, now when you and your ma go shopping, be sure to use that dollar bill. Don't save it. This won't work if you don't spend it." 
\par "I didn't earn this," I said, holding the dollar out to her.
\par "You're going to earn it. I'm trying to teach you how money flows, and this is the best way. Now promise me, you'll spend it." 
\par I put the dollar in my pocket, shaking my head. She always won. 
\par "Good. Now, let's get to work on the bookkeeping. We have a lot to do," said Mrs. Jones, reaching for her ledgers and laptop. Even when Mrs. Jones was my teacher, she had done bookkeeping on the side. When she and her husband moved to Tucson, she continued to do the books for local farmers, and when she returned after her husband died, she did it full time, and took on big clients that paid for the free work she did for the farmers. 
\par "Wait. That's it for following the money?" 
\par "For now. You must be patient. What did you learn from the work you did on the books last week?" Mrs. Jones asked. 
\par "Well," I smiled, "Robert Thompson." I waited for her reaction. 
\par "And..." 
\par "Robert Thompson is the one leaving the rose on their door step every week for his wife, Genevieve." 
\par "And how did you conclude that?" 
\par "Easy. The florist's charge was on his credit card. The same one he uses for his farming stuff." 
\par "But how did you know it was the same flowers left on their front door step?" 
\par "Oh yeah, I called the florist and confirmed the delivery address, and dates." 
\par Mrs. Jones smiled, nodding her head. "You've become a little detective now, haven't you." 
\par "I guess all-n-all I learned that there is always a story behind the money," I said, looking at the ceiling. "Like Jeb's store. In the last few months, it is doing a lot better. Great, in fact. Just like Bobby's business. But I haven't figured out how yet. It's like a puzzle." My eyes met hers. "I would have thought Jeb's revenue would fall considering how busy the new Walmart is." I tapped my pencil on the table. "Maybe I did something wrong?" 
\par "Maybe. I'll review it." Mrs. Jones waved her hand, wiping away any concern. "What else?" 
\par "The obvious, I guess. Farmers around here aren't doing so well. Although a few of them have paid down their bank loans more than I would have expected." 
\par "Paid down?" Mrs. Jones sat straighter. 
\par "Yeah, weird, right? No farmer pays down their loan in a drought." 
\par "I think that's enough for today. Let's have some lemonade."
\par "We barely started..." 
\par "It's hot, that's all." Mrs. Jones snapped her laptop closed and brushed the ledgers into a drawer. 
\par When we stepped outside on the porch, the heat sucked the moisture from our lungs like cement drying in the sun. Her lemonade, southern sweet, diluted the stifling effect. 
\par Aiden drove by. He honked and waved. His old truck kicked up a cloud of dust as he passed. Mrs. Jones waved back.
\par "What ever happened to you two? You were inseparable when you were younger," asked Mrs. Jones. 
\par "Bee, that\rquote s what happened. Boys like her better." 
\par "Oh? I've never seen them together, honey." Mrs. Jones said, giving me that do-you-understand look. 
\par  I\rquote d nod yes, but thought no. Wasn\rquote t worth trying to to make sense of the crazy talk. I liked Mrs. Jones, but I didn\rquote t much care what she or anyone else thought about Bee. I needed Bee, and she needed me. End of story.
\par An infrequent silence filled the space between us. I swirled my glass, and the ice jingled against the sides, capturing my full attention. 
\par "You know you\rquote re pretty, right?" Mrs. Jones asked. 
\par "Yea, sure." This was a frequent question of hers. 
\par "Well, that was convincing!" Mrs. Jones laughed. 
\par "You told me once that if I got a skill, it would help me get out of this town." 
\par "Nice change of topic, but yes, that\rquote s right. If you had a skill." 
\par "But Aiden graduated from college, and he came back?" 
\par "Well now, it\rquote s different when you have something to come back to. His daddy is getting on, and with his ma passed, Aiden came back to help. He might even take over the store."
\par "Board it up, you mean. Between the new Walmart and the banks foreclosing, I\rquote m not sure how it\rquote s lasted this long," I said.
\par "Regardless, his pa needed him. Aiden stepped up; his ma would have been proud." 
\par "But they were doing much better the last few months, right? Did you check my work?" I said. 
\par "Lots of reasons income rise. Don\rquote t you worry about it. We won't be doing Jeb's books anymore, Aiden is going to do them for his dad from now on." 
\par The wooden rocking chair creaked as I rocked. The heat saturated my bones, giving relief to my stiff back, and soothing my aching legs. I\rquote d never come back to help my pa, and I wondered if I'd ever done anything to make ma proud.
\par "She sure was nice, Aiden\rquote s ma that is," I said, remembering her timid manner. She always said her constant cough, not a loud croup but a dry, persistent cough, reminded her to be grateful for what she had. An odd reminder, I always thought. "But Aiden\rquote
s pa never took to me. Calls me white trash - thinks that store of his makes him better than me. But he\rquote s never plowed a field, birth a calf, or milked a cow. That doesn\rquote t make me white trash."
\par "Whoa there, Nelly. Don\rquote t you mind him. Jeb\rquote s a good man. He\rquote s had a rough go at it. Isn\rquote t easy running a business nowadays, much less being a single parent." Mrs. Jones sipped her lemonade. "You know, he and your pa? They were best friends in school." 
\par "What? No." I shook my head. "They hate each other. He won\rquote t even let pa step foot in his store."
\par "Your ma never told you that story?" Mrs Jones said, raising that eyebrow. 
\par "What story?"
\par Mrs. Jones shrugged.
\par "What?" I insisted. 
\par "Well now, I\rquote m sorry I said anything. Not my story to tell."
\par She gazed north out to the Chiricahua Mountains. 
\par I didn\rquote t let it go, but knew to approach it from a different angle. 
\par "Jeb, eh, Mr. Manwell was pretty pissed about me and Aiden. I thought he was going to kill pa that day he caught Aiden and me together in the abandoned hunting shack. But he hadn't allowed pa in his store long before that. But I reckon that didn\rquote
t help any," I prodded. 
\par "Sorry, not my story to tell." Mrs. Jones turned away from the scenery. "But my, my, girl! You sure have a story of your own\endash\endash you and Aiden in a shack, tsk, tsk." She bounced her eyebrows and smiled ear to ear. 
\par
\par
\par Later that afternoon, I gave Mrs. Jones\rquote  dollar bill to ma. She wasn't happy that I had accepted it, but agreed to spend it, so we walked to the store. We bought a one-pound bag of rice and ma paid with Mrs. Jones' dollar bill.  }