{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Her mother had left her in their room and gone off to one of her meetings. Nila watched a few vids and got restless. She wandered around the monastery. One corner had a shrine to elephants, who used to live in the woods nearby. She had seen pictures and hoped there would be some real ones. But it was apparent from the shrine that they were all dead now. Her teachers had given her the impression that there were still some around, but it was just another lie. Still, the shrine had a full-sized preserved elephant. It was huge! She had never really understood their size before. You could see virtual 3D ones, but somehow it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t the same.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Something had been stuck in her mind since earlier and all of a sudden, she knew what it was. Her mother had said that 20 years from now, Ken Robertson Jr. would remember the look on her face when she had first met him. Of course her mom believed that Nila would still be part of New Kendall in 20 years. But that she would be someone Robertson would know? That meant her mom saw her as part of the power structure in New K. Valorie must see her as following in her footsteps, being part of the machine. OK, probably all the parents in New K thought that way \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that was the whole point, right? Protect your safety through protecting your privilege.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But how little did her mom know her if she really believed that? It made her angry to even think about that. And what was moms up to anyway? All this hush, hush. Nila realized maybe she could find out. If she sat near the meeting, like in a hall, maybe she could pick up some stray thoughts. Worth a shot and she was bored anyway.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She did that thing she had learned to do where she let her mind go blank and then there was a little place where she could go in her head and then, yeah, there it was, she could feel stuff. Raefe had referred to it as the waveform. But it just felt like soft voices, maybe around the corner, only they were always just around the corner, unless you could sort of see one and then you were around the corner and you could hear more clearly. And now she could hear a buzz of voices off to the right.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She found a hallway that went right and slowly walked down it, making sure no one saw her. The voices were rising above a murmur now, almost distinct enough to hear. There were some loud ones, but mostly almost a humming. The hall turned and there was a kind of lobby and double doors. There were Sec guards making sure no one got close. She saw another hall off to one side and detoured that way. Soon she was walking parallel to the long side of whatever was behind those double doors. As she went down it, she felt her mother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts. And she could hear her actual voice, although she couldn\u8217\'92t make out the words, muffled by the walls.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She saw a small lounge with an open door. It was near enough yet out of the way. She sat down and put her Voice in her ear, just in case anyone came by and wondered what she was doing. She found some music she liked and played that, just in case someone asked. So she had an alibi now and she could turn her focus to what her mom was saying.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nila wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t yet very good at this, so it came in dribs and drabs and sudden bursts. Valorie was very excited and it soon became obvious why. Her unit had been working on a device that could be worn in a hat or a helmet that could detect the energy of entanglement and shield your mind from it. This meant two things Valorie was jazzed about: Sec could find empaths and they could block their attempts to scan their thoughts. In fact, Valorie thought, they might not even be able to detect the presence of someone wearing one of these helmets.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Val talked for awhile longer, but Nila stopped paying attention as she got into the details of how the helmet would be made and who would be issued them and so on. It was too much to absorb, trying to imagine that New K might find a way to neutralize Everywhere. Other than her contact with Raefe, Nila had never had dealings with Everywhere. But you had to be an idiot not to know that it was only Everywhere and their allies around the world that kept New K from world domination.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Val was done and some guy was talking now. She couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really pick up on him that much \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she didn\u8217\'92t know his mind like she knew Val\u8217\'92s. He yammered on for awhile, but it was all just a jumble to her. And then he was done and the next guy came on. And she heard that voice again \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Ken Robertson Jr. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d boosted the PA for Robertson, adding music and all sorts of audio accents to his talk. She could hear it outright seeping out of the auditorium \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  no need to read any minds. There must be visuals, too, judging from the odd timing of some of the sounds. She turned her Voice down so she could listen. Robertson did his corpo BS stuff, thanking and congratulating all sorts of people. You didn\u8217\'92t have to read minds to tell it was all written down for him and he didn\u8217\'92t mean a word of it. He went into a long recitation of New K\u8217\'92s progress during the last year, which was boring and hard to follow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then he shifted gears and started to talk about the future.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This will be the last year of the 21st Century,\u8221\'94 Robertson intoned, as if he had just discovered a second moon orbiting Earth. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been a century of great hardship but also great progress. Some of you may be startled to hear me say that. Progress, really? But if you were to go back 100 years, to the last turn of a century, you\u8217\'92d see what I am referring to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93At the end of the 20th Century, people seemed split into two camps. On the one side, there was the doomsday crowd. In their view, humans were ruining the planet, were selfish, and we needed to stop striving for more, stop having children, stop progress. On the other side, people like my grandfather and great-grandfather were pointing out that the sky was the limit, that we are smart enough and bold enough to solve our problems. But, and this was the big but, we had to stop putting shackles on the builders and the innovators and, frankly, the leaders who could take us into that future.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93One hundred years later, the verdict is in. The naysayers left us unprepared for changes in the weather. They left us ill-equipped to channel the massive dislocations, the political upheavals. Their small-mindedness has left the world fractured, fragmented and afraid. Their view of the 22nd century is more misery, punctuated by tiny groups of aimless do-gooders who actually are doing a lot of harm. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93New Kendall, on the other hand, has been a beacon of hope for those who wish to continue the work of civilization, of advancing humanity. We\u8217\'92ve shown the masses what our leadership can bring: safety, survival, yes, but also prosperity and hope. We\u8217\'92ve put people first, not some vague notion of \u8216\'91the planet,\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91the ecosystem\u8217\'92 or, heaven forfend, \u8216\'91Mother Earth.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In 100 years, we\u8217\'92ve moved the conversation to a clear choice: our proven recipe for progress versus their vague and ever-shifting plans for \u8216\'91a new and better world.\u8217\'92 That, in my book, is progress. That\u8217\'92s what we want to teach our kids to do. That\u8217\'92s the vision we want them to have. And so we stand on the cusp of this new century and our rallying cry \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  to our kids and to ourselves \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  has to be \u8220\'93Finish the job.\u8221\'94 And finishing the job is not a matter of project management or new technology or better implementation. It\u8217\'92s a matter of clearing obstacles from the board. And the biggest obstacle we face is the Citizens of Everywhere.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This group has plagued my family for decades, interrupting our work, making a general nuisance of themselves. But to be honest, we have been at a stalemate with them. Their growth has stalled out; their vaunted empathy has found its followers and failed to add many converts in the last 10 years. But I have to admit that we also have failed to dislodge them from their position of influence, which extends out beyond their practitioners and close followers. In many communities, \u8216\'91What does Everywhere say about it?\u8217\'92 is a key question ordinary people ask.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But we are not going to continue to treat them as equals, as worthy adversaries. They need to be removed from the field of play. And we have the means. If you were just paying attention, our excellent Security Department has developed technology to insulate our operatives from the empaths, to make them immune to their probing and cajoling. I\u8217\'92m here to tell you that this is only the start.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The exact same technology can be modified so that instead of blocking their so-called waveform, it reflects it back, amplified and focused on those who are sensitive to it. I want to show you the result.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The room was silent now while a video showed. She couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t make out the sound on the video but she was getting vibes from her mother. And it was horrific. Her mother seemed to be watching an experiment in which an empath was asked to entangled with someone from New K. They had been fooled into thinking this was some harmless game or other. The New K person had some sort of device hidden on them. The empath was trying to connect. First there was a look of puzzlement on their face, then a sharp wince, then a silent scream as if something overwhelming was frying their brain. And they slumped in their chair, unconscious or dead. Even mother recoiled inwardly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nila felt like she wanted to vomit. At the same time, she realized that, in this moment of quiet, she was feeling Robertson\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts leaking out. Was he a tangler? Did he know it? She bolted, running back to their room before someone discovered her.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}