{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Customs had been much easier than he had anticipated. Canada, it seemed, was happy to have people interested in the new territories. Although the US had stopped issuing passports a decade ago, his Cambridge resident papers had been enough and they issued him a visa. Best of all no one had recognized him, an increasingly common and surprisingly welcome occurrence. And now he was finally headed north, through farms and small towns. Soon, even that thinned out and vast stretches of forest covered low mountains.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He thought of his first trip to Africa, the long bus ride from Nairobi to Garissa, then the motorbike ride to Dadaab to reunite with Lina. He had never been outside the United States before that. Nairobi was both exactly like and completely different than cities he had been familiar with. The hustle, the bustle, the millions of people going to and from work \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that was every large city. The many miles of broken down slums, the tin roofs, mud streets that encircled the center city, that was only just starting in the US back then.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then there was the countryside \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the many miles of dry, dusty plain already thirsting for rain, already populated by animals looking thin and scared. He realized it was almost exactly 50 years ago that he had made that trip, the one that had changed his life. And here he was again, yet another strange countryside that foretold another kind of future. One where, if everyone was lucky, many millions of people from the hot, dry places and the new submarine coastal towns could peacefully settle this newly thawed band near the Arctic Circle. Because if they couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t, the future was even more uncertain and perilous.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And there it was, that feeling again. That the wave was always going to come, just as it had on Truro Island in his old timeline all those years ago. And before that, the terror of the rising waters that night in Somerville, the night that had taken Miguel. He hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t thought of Miguel in years. He couldn\u8217\'92t remember what he looked like. He could still see their other neighbors, Kiko and Kayem, and their coffee cart, in his mind. He let his mind wander deep into itself and caught just a snatch of something Miguel had once said, about wanting to save up to go visit his abuela, his aunt, in Nicaragua. No more would come. Sometimes he felt that was all any of them were to the rest of humanity \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  just a little fragment, deprived of any context or connection. That the connections he had reached out for everyday since he had come to this timeline were nothing more than just a hedge against that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So be it, then. How was that different than life had ever been? The people who climbed down narrow shafts into caves deep under ground to paint animals by torchlight, hoping for a good hunt? They left a handprint, too, as if to say, the spirits know me now and so will every person who comes this way. It was the picture, not the hand, that we know them by. And so it would be with him and everyone else \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  if there was a future, it would be their works, not their names and stories, that they were known by, if at all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If only we could hold that thought! That was the only true reincarnation, wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t it? That he could play some part, however small or anonymous, in making sure they had a future. It had come to that \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it was more important that there be people in the future than who they admired and remembered in the past. Well, that was really most of human history, when you thought about it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And here he was, hurtling into the newest part of the world, once again away from his family and friends. He was getting too old for this. The day would come when it would be too late. And he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t let that happen. Soon, he thought, soon I will find a way to get back to Lina.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His thoughts were interrupted by a loud screech as the train suddenly slowed. Horns blared, metal ground and the train came to a lurching halt. He opened his window and looked toward the front of the train. Hundreds of caribou were travelling across the track, headed who knows where. With the window open, he could hear their snorting, their hooves. A gust of wind brought the musky smell of the herd. There were only low trees and scrub up here, and this massive herd.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll be gone soon,\u8221\'94 he heard a voice behind him. He turned to see a middle-aged man, bushy beard and work clothes. \u8220\'93They hate the metal and they\u8217\'92ll rush over the tracks. It makes them nervous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No rush!\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m enjoying them. Never seen so many animals at one time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s nothing,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93Before the melts, the herds were ten times that size. Basically, all the caribou in Canada travelled together over the frozen tundra. Now that it\u8217\'92s thawed out \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they don\u8217\'92t know where to go. They\u8217\'92re confused about which way to go. They just wander.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, that\u8217\'92s terrible,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I hope they figure it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Them? They\u8217\'92ll be fine. The truth is, it doesn\u8217\'92t much matter which way they go now. There\u8217\'92s grazing in every direction. Out here, no place for wolves to hide and ambush them. Eventually, they\u8217\'92ll eat the place bare. But not in our lifetimes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And just like that, the herd had passed. Away from the iron, they ran with a more measured and coordinated pace. As they receded, it was only the sway of hundreds of antlers that you really saw in the distance. The train blew its horn once more and lurched back to motion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The herd had gone now, just like that. The train rolled on through the endless flatlands of the old tundra.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be there soon enough,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93See those birds out there?\u8221\'94 He pointed to the horizon. \u8220\'93Those are gulls. So we\u8217\'92re approaching the Bay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. He started to strike up a conversation but something restrained him. He liked just being here on his own and he suspected the man did too. A few minutes later, he began to have second thoughts, but now he could see a town. The man had been right \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they were almost there. Soon they were slowing as they entered the small town, lurching to a halt at a small station. Raefe gave a wave to his train companion and headed off. Noreen\u8217\'92s house was nearby, but he wanted to get a feel for the town first.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Radisson reminded him of what small towns in North America were like when he was a boy. The main street was bustling \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you had to pay attention walking down the sidewalk to avoid being jostled. The town looked like everyone had moved in before it was finished. First-floor shops did business while you could hear saws whining and nail guns thumping from the second and third floors. There were many more vehicles (all electric, of course) on the street than in Cambridge and they both drove and parked without any apparent regard for lanes or lines. It seemed like every other pedestrian had a backpack, and a bulging one at that. Radisson was a town on the move and on the make. He wondered if Thunberg would have the same anarchic energy. He let his mind graze the waveform and it was a heady brew of excitement, anxiety, determination, all spiced with a dollop of hope.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He grabbed a burrito from a food stall, filled with stuff he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t recognize but liked. The new lands had new cuisine, it seemed. Probably a good thing, he thought. If people are willing to change what they eat, the sky\u8217\'92s the limit, and he laughed to himself at the thought. He found another stall that had coffee \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  real brewed coffee\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and downed a cup, hoping it would clear away the train cobwebs. He wanted to be on his toes with the Thunberg people. It was time to meet them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He found Noreen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s house and knocked. Somehow he had pictured this strapping middle-aged woman in his mind. She was small and gray-haired. She was the oldest person he had seen since getting off the train, it occurred to him. Not quite his age, but comfortably close.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, are you Noreen Cheecho?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, what can I do for you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nila Edwards gave me your name,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m interested in going to Thunberg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She did, did she? And how do you know her?\u8221\'94 Noreen asked. He could tell she was suspicious.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We know each other from the Boston area. Not well. But I was telling her I was interested in Thunberg and she said I should look you up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ok. And who are you and why are you interested?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I do a lot of work in the Boston area and just generally trying to get people together. You know, with all of the changes in the climate and the whole breakdown of civilization thing. I want to understand what new towns like Thunberg are doing and whether we should be doing some of that in the Boston area. Sorry, I should introduce myself. I\u8217\'92m Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He felt Noreen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind slam on the brakes a bit. He was used to it by now, if also tired of it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome. She mentioned you. Raefe Epstein Miller, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yup, that\u8217\'92s me. One name will do, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was half expecting you\u8217\'92d show up one day, but I thought maybe you\u8217\'92d call ahead, if you know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, didn\u8217\'92t mean to surprise you. I\u8217\'92m just me, you know. I don\u8217\'92t need a red carpet or anything. In fact, I hate that stuff. No need to fuss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, Raefe it is. Come on in. I\u8217\'92ve got no carpets at all \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  too muddy up here. I hope that will be fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Dandy,\u8221\'94 he said. She had gone from suspicion to deference to annoyance to amusement in about a minute. Not stuck in one place, this one, he thought, or short on emotional range. If I was going to stay here, we\u8217\'92d probably become friends. She wanted to make him lunch, give him coffee, but took it in stride when he declined. She did, however, indicate that normal procedures would have to be suspended in his case. She could take him to Thunberg tomorrow, but she\u8217\'92d have to let some of the leaders know he was here first. She tapped out a message on her phone. They made small talk while they waited for the others to arrive. He was happy she didn\u8217\'92t want him to do parlor tricks like guess what she was thinking. He still got that sometimes. Probably she knew empaths, it occured to him. He wondered how important empaths were in the scheme of things up here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A short time later, two women and a man gave a knock and let themselves in. They introduced themselves. Kaitlyn was their health officer here in Radisson, Maggie and Jim were some kind of administrators in Thunberg. Introductions completed, Jim dove right in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what brings you here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here to learn,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I want to see what new experimental towns like Thunberg are doing. I see the stuff on the feeds, but I want to get more of a sense of what these communities are like for the people who live in them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 Maggie said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re happy to get the exposure, but I\u8217\'92m curious why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could feel that the three women could tangle mildly. They weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t fully in control and some of their thoughts were leaking out. Concern, mostly, that world-famous REM was here to horn in, mess things up, not really sure. Was he a threat, really, was what they were worried about. Threat to what, he wondered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where to start?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93In the 20 odd years that Everywhere has existed, we\u8217\'92ve brought many people together and tried to create new ways of living. In one sense, we\u8217\'92ve done well \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  human beings haven\u8217\'92t killed off the human race, and we haven\u8217\'92t succumbed to the worst of all the many disruptions. In other respects, we\u8217\'92ve accomplished very little. Many days it feels like we\u8217\'92re just kidding ourselves, that we\u8217\'92re just delaying the inevitable. The old is gone, but what is going to be the new way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you think towns like Thunberg might be the new way?\u8221\'94 Maggie asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. That\u8217\'92s why I came to look. There are many millions of people in Everywhere and billions of people watch what it does, and other groups like it. Maybe we\u8217\'92re too big and messy now. I want to see what other people are doing, what new ideas are out there. I wanted to see if towns like Thunberg offer any lessons about how we can build on what we\u8217\'92ve done, make it more stable, more of a platform for the future. More sustainable, but not in the old sense of the world. I mean, can people sustain your way of life in large numbers. To put it bluntly, should Boston be the next Thunberg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re not thinking should Thunberg be the next Boston?\u8221\'94 Jim said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Huh,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I guess not. I\u8217\'92m not even sure I know what you mean by it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That millions of people from the coasts should come up here and join in,\u8221\'94 Jim said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I wasn\u8217\'92t thinking of that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t really thinking that far ahead. Please, I think you think I have some grand agenda here. I\u8217\'92m just an old man who\u8217\'92s frustrated with how things are at the moment and searching for new ideas in new places.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He saw that Kaitlyn was watching him intently. The others turned to her and she gave a quick, small nod.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We can take you there tomorrow,\u8221\'94 Kaitlyn said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if we have the answers you are looking for, but you deserve a chance to figure that out. Not everyone who shows up here falls into that category.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He wondered what that meant and what they were concerned about. He wanted to tangle with Kaitlyn but thought better of it. They might take it the wrong way, like he was trying to read their secrets, or influence them covertly. Even after all of these years, he was wary of how people would react to his abilities. He had always feared that someday there would be a reaction to empaths, and that it might turn ugly. That it had never happened was actually a mystery to him, but he never lost the feeling of being careful with his abilities.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I appreciate that,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There are so many people around the world trying to keep their heads above water, literally and figuratively. None of us can be expected to find a total solution on our own \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  all we can do is what seems to each of us to be the way forward. But it\u8217\'92s so important that what I learn, or what you learn, or a the people building floating cities off the coast of Vietnam, or whomever, all learn from each other. So that\u8217\'92s what I hope can happen during my visit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How long do are you intending to stay?\u8221\'94 Maggie asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ll have me, at least a few days or weeks so that I can get the feel of things, see how things really work here. I plan to visit other communities, too. Whatever time you can give me, I will make what use of it I can. In the end, I want to be able to talk with others around the world about the newest and most promising projects. Not because I hope everyone will move to this or that experimental community, but because everyone can adopt their ideas and bend them to their circumstance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As he said it, he realized that was what they wanted to know: Are you going to leave? Or are you going to have your followers come and take over? Even here, at the end of the Earth, at the end of the world, people still wanted to cling to their power and office, however small it was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, we\u8217\'92re cool with that,\u8221\'94 Jim said. \u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you rest up, see the local sights, and tomorrow Noreen will take you upriver to Thunberg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And with that, he and Maggie and Kaitlyn left.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I think you at least eased their fears,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m glad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I am, too,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93What were they afraid of?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m sure you could tell better than me,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Someone with your abilities. But I know that they get protective of Thunberg. And not for no reason \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you can\u8217\'92t imagine the number of ambitious scam artists we get. Maybe it seems kind of tawdry to you, but I hope you keep that in mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Trust me, Everywhere has been visited by every sales person of every kind of economic, political and cultural snake oil you could imagine. And it takes its toll \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you can become very dismissive of other peoples\u8217\'92 ideas, other sorts of passions. And in the end, that\u8217\'92s the real tragedy these power-seeking con artists bring about. Because we have a generation to set in motion a millenium of repair and restoration and it would be great to be able to focus just on that. But then again, if we lived in that kind of world, we wouldn\u8217\'92t be here at what used to be the end of the Earth having this conversation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m starting to think maybe it\u8217\'92s good you\u8217\'92re here\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 we can\u8217\'92t pretend we\u8217\'92re the only ones with good new ideas. Anyway, you can have the room in the back. You\u8217\'92re welcome to eat here with me. Or I can take you out for dinner on the town \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they make a good fish stew at Barnies, there\u8217\'92s good local brews everywhere. Or if you want some time on your own \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  go for it. But we\u8217\'92ll be leaving at dawn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}