{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Ever since Des had told him how the waveform had harmonies that might be useful, Raefe had been trying to train himself to find them. At first, he wondered if Des had been mistaken. No matter how he tried, he could not find feel any minds other than in the giant broad rainbow of thoughts he always heard. Then one day he had been sitting on a bench on Cambridge Common when a young woman walked by with a baby in a stroller. He thought, that baby is going to cry and seconds later it did.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then he thought, mom\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s going to give the baby a monkey and laughed. What an odd thing to think! And then the woman pulled a stuffed animal out of the large bag handing on the stroller and handed it to the baby. It was a toy monkey. The baby stopped crying.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This must be it, he thought. I sensed some communication between them. Do mothers and babies have their own lane in the waveform? He stared away from the pair so they wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t notice him. He closed his eyes and slowed his breathing. He could hear the mother\u8217\'92s mind in all the usual ways but now he could hear her mind wane, almost pause and then\u8230\'85there it was! She had shifted her thoughts in the waveform to the baby\u8217\'92s frequency or wavelength or whatever it was. Just for a few seconds and then she was back. He shut out everything but her mind, being careful not to touch it enough to alarm her. And he saw how she did it, unthinkingly. It was a bit like squinting, a bit like changing your focus from far to near.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The next time she did it, he was able to mimic her. And then he heard it, the baby\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. It was a note of contentment. The mother smiled and went back to her previous thoughts.  Did all mother\u8217\'92s do that? All babies? He had to tell Des. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Des was always easy to find. No one on Earth had their mind in as many places as him at one time, and no one had quite his mental signature.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve done it,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93What you explained to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow! What\u8217\'92s it like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just starting out. Follow me now.\u8221\'94 And Raefe replayed his memory of the mother and child.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, that\u8217\'92s interesting!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, much more here than just a back channel, eh? Let\u8217\'92s talk more about that when it\u8217\'92s safe. Do you think we can try to have this conversation there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And he felt Des make that switch that the mother had. And Raefe followed and he still felt Des\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. Nothing was really different, it just felt a bit odd, like singing a note that was at the edge of your range.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s quieter here,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93Like we have the room to ourself. Almost \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I can hear occasional blips from the child.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s really just a baby \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  probably can\u8217\'92t even talk yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve actually never tangled with a baby,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll have to ask Anti if she does with her kids.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s so much the Guardians never told us, it makes you wonder how much more we don\u8217\'92t know about entangling. But let\u8217\'92s put that aside for the moment. I\u8217\'92m anxious to hear what you\u8217\'92ve learned about our old sparring partners.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Still digging, but so far, it\u8217\'92s not good. They\u8217\'92re definitely planning something and soon. I think they want to test their abilities on more than just a prisoner in a chair. And I think that means that they will try an action somewhere nearby.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re as near as it gets to them,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I agree and I think you may be in danger,\u8221\'94 Des said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you find out more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but so can you,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93But maybe you shouldn\u8217\'92t \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they know your mind. Who else is adept in your circle? Who you can trust?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tosh, for sure,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93We should ask him if he\u8217\'92s willing to scout them. It\u8217\'92s not without risk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy to ask him. I\u8217\'92m sure he\u8217\'92ll say yes. But I don\u8217\'92t know if I can explain what he should be looking for. I can, however, show him how to tangle like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can tell him what to look for. Tell him to find me when he\u8217\'92s ready. He\u8217\'92ll need help, too. Are there three or four people who are safe to train for this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, for sure. But how can we prepare ourselves? Are we talking about picking up and moving? Fighting back somehow? Figuring out ways to protect ourselves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Might be moving at first, but I don\u8217\'92t think for long. Once they deploy, I feel like we\u8217\'92ll probably be able to figure out how to defuse their attack. Like I said when we talked before, they don\u8217\'92t really get what they\u8217\'92re doing. People here are working on counter measures, too. We just need to buy time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. I always have a bag packed. Force of habit. Find me this way, though. Don\u8217\'92t hesitate, day or night. And think about how we want to use these new channels. Who else? Mom, Mari, of course, and now Tosh. But who else?<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}