{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I found some comfort from the State Police guard stationed at the door to Aiden and Jeb's hospital room. I sat between Jeb and Aiden's beds, holding Aiden's hand. It was me in that bed and him holding my hand, just two days ago. I kept my back to Jeb. He wouldn't keep me from being with Aiden.\
"Is Aiden going to be okay?" Jeb said to the back of my head. \
I turned to look at him, pondered whether to I respond. "He is in a comma. Something about swelling in his brain. They say he needs time." \
"Was it my shot?" \
He'd find out soon enough. Better he find out from me rather than the FBI.\
"He's going to be fine. It will take time." \
"I shot him, didn't I?" said Jeb. \
"It was a freak accident. Your shot ricocheted off the freezer and grazed the side of his head. They say he's lucky, the freezer took most of the force. More damage was done when his head hit the counter."\
"Jesus Christ." Jeb turned his head toward the door, away from Aiden. \
"Your Pa get away?" \
"No, sir, he's dead." \
"Dead? How?" \
"I shot him," I said, surprised at how easily it came out. \
He turned back to me. "Christ, girl. Can't say he didn't deserve it."\
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Did he deserve to have his daughter and his wife shoot him? 
\f0\i0 \
"What was he saying about your Ma? Back in the store, did you hear him?" \
I got up and stepped towards his bed. His voice warm, his concern genuine. \
"She's dead," I said softly. \
Jeb's eyes filled with tears, and again he looked away. \
Mrs. Jones' words flooded back, 'It's not my story to tell'. It struck me out of no where. \
"You loved her," I said, as if it was a known fact.\
Jeb took a deep breath. "Yes, a long time ago. But I never really stopped loving her."\
"That's why you hated my Pa?" \
"I hated your Pa because of what he did to your Ma. Your Ma and me was an item in another life-time. But one night, when she was walking home from my place, she ran into your Pa. He told her she was too good for me, and that he'd show her what a real man was like. He..." Jeb's fist balled, shades of red anger rose from his neck to his cheeks like a tsunami. \
"He killed her didn't he?" Jeb said through gritted teeth. \
I nodded. \
He grabbed the bed rail and shook it. "Damn him to hell." \
"What's with all the racket. Can't a guy get some sleep here?" Aiden said from his bed. \
I whipped around, "You're awake! Nurse, nurse," I yelled.\
The nurse rushed in. I moved against the wall to get out of the way. A man in a suite followed her. He held back while the nurse checked out the two patients. \
It was him. The Clark Kent looking man. The agent with the cartel boys when the FBI raided the dry cleaners. He was the FBI mole. Why hadn't Delacroix pulled him yet? I had provided him everything he needed. I slipped in to the bathroom, leaving the door open a crack. \
"We didn't expect you to come around so soon," said the nurse flashing a light into Aiden's eyes. "The doctor will be in soon. You're doing much better than expected." \
The FBI agent cleared his throat. The nurse turned and glared at him.\
"You feel up to talking to the FBI? If not, I'll tell him to go." She put her hands on her hips, cocked her head, and solidified her stance, daring the agent. \
"No, it's okay, we can talk," Aiden said. His Pa nodded in agreement. I listened through the door. \
The agent introduced himself as Bob Palmer. He said he worked with Mark Delacroix, who was busy at the moment and had asked him to interview them. \

\f1\i He's the mole
\f0\i0 , I said over and over in my head, hoping to transmit it to Aiden. \
"Busy?" asked Aiden, "Doing what?" \
The agent tossed a photo copy document Delacroix had provided him. "You know anything about this?" \
"Are you accusing me of something?" Aiden said. Jeb sat up straighter. \
"Well?" pressed the agent. \
"Well, what? I've never seen that before." Aiden flashed the document towards his Pa, who shook his head. \
"No, never," Jeb said. \
"It just showed up yesterday in Caroline Jones' house, and you know nothing about it?" \
"Yesterday? Check your facts, dude. I was shot a day earlier? We both were. We sure didn't deliver anything, anywhere." \
The agent turned towards Jeb. \
"Then who?" the agent turned back to Aiden.\
"How the hell do I know?" Aiden winced as he adjusted himself to sit up straighter. \
"Who? Mo? Bobby? Who?" the agent pressed. \
"I'll tell you again, I've never seen that paper and do not know who gave it to the FBI." \
"Well," said the agent, sounding less hostile, "if you're up for it, I'd like to go through the rest of this with you and see if you can confirm any of the information. El Brutal\'92s gone underground, and this might help us find him." \
Aiden was quick to agree, too quick, I thought. He was about to confirm information to the one person who could blow this FBI operation to smithereens. }