{\rtf1\sstecf21000\ansi\deflang1033\ftnbj\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 \fmodern Courier New;}{\f1 \fmodern \fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}
{\stylesheet{\f0\fs20 Normal;}{\cs1 Default Paragraph Font;}}
{\*\revtbl{Unknown;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\headery720\footery720\nogrowautofit\deftab720\formshade\nofeaturethrottle1\nouicompat1\noindnmbrts1\fet4\aenddoc\aftnnrlc\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot
\sectd\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\guttersxn0\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\headery720\footery720\sbkpage\pgnstarts0\pgnrestart\pgndec
\plain\plain\f0\fs20\pard\ssparaaux0\s0\qc\widctlpar\plain\f0\fs20\plain\f1\fs36\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs36\ltrch\b Preface\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\b A billion years ago\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\pard\ssparaaux0\s0\fi288\sb240\ql\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\plain\f0\fs20\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch A group of fighters stand on a battlefield, bone weary, dirty, hunger their only nourishment. They can only see a few stars in the night sky through the smoke of battle. The roar of battle is over for now, the world quiet as the remaining armies of all three Houses pause in the carnage that has consumed their world for 30 years.\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  In a clearing, one of the fighters stands on hood of a personnel carrier. Naw\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch ra, a low-ranking officer in the army of the Second House, addresses a a few dozen officers from all three armies.\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Brothers and sisters, mothers and fathers, we have fought this great battle for many years. One in three of us who was alive when it started has now fallen. Our air is thick with smoke, our water with blood, and our land covered with our dead, and the dead of all else that once lived here, and with poisons that will kill for years. We have fought each other for land, for wealth, for power, 
and we have exhausted all three in doing so.\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch The three great Houses of U Maw have defeated each other and themselves in the process. I tell you that the soldiers of the Second House will fight no more. I ask the First House and the Third House to put your weapons down. They will help you no more.\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch How nice for you if we do,\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  shouts someone from the Third House. \plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch I guess you want us to give you our food and children, too.\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 
\'94\u8221 \'94\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch I want no such thing,\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  Naw\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Ra answers, and pauses, slowing her breathing down, remembering that she has come to persuade, not to fight. \plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 
\'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch I want you to remember that before there were three Houses, there were the clans, and before the clans, there were the bands, and before that, there were just the Maw\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch u\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch I, talking animals who could not only imagine the future, but 
make it real. And in only 150,000 years, they settled all the lands and lived mostly in peace, however simple their life seems to us now. We are those same creatures, but we have lost our way. We let ourselves believe that peace and cooperation was stagnation and that only war and competition brought progress.\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch What do you expect us to do?\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  shouts a solider from the Second House. \plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Tear off our clothes and live like savages?\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Our answer is to move forward. I ask your patience for a minute, and you will begin to understand. I need only your stillness and quiet.\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  \plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Naw\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Ra nods, and one soldier in each of the other houses nods in return. She and her two coconspirators anxiously search for each other\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch s minds. They have quietly honed this skill over many months, but never with so much on the line. 
Her confidence builds as she feels the first fringes of  the other minds, and then the feeling of profound connection enfolds all three of them.\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  As if their three minds have a fourth, their joint consciousness, they encircle the group around them, entangling each soldier into a vibrant mental chord. \plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch The soldiers gasp, feeling the connection. Now Naw\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Ra speaks to them directly in their minds, her thoughts and feelings mingle with theirs. After  drowning in the fear and boredom of battle, there is something about touching the core of so many others that is deeply restorative.\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Yes, you feel it now, don\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch t you? How little are the differences that have driven us to fight all of our lives. How unfounded are our fears of each other. Now  I know your heart and  you know mine, and we have taken the first step toward peace.\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 
\'94\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Yet we fight for our homes, Naw\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Ri,\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  a scarred old veteran shouts out. \plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch 
Maybe 50 years ago, we could have all gone home and forgotten it. Now, there is nowhere for most of us to go to, and we fight for the last good lands and waters. What do you propose?\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch You are right, old soldier. We need more \plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8212 \'97\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  we need a home whose air and water doesn\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch t bring disease, whose land can support food. Someday, this planet will be that again, but 
for now, it cannot. Peace must bring progress. And so, our small group from all three houses has been working secretly on a project that will give us a new start. And now we will show you.\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch All of them are still now, their minds filled with a strangely different sky, a subtley different landscape. They see a pristine world for the first time. The air tickles their nostrils, fresher than anything they have ever breathed. This new world beckons.\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Soliders fall to the ground, stunned and joyful. They are looking through the eyes of a few dozen souls on this new world. They have joined the first people to leave their world. The settlers are from all three Houses. And now they are from none.\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Who are you?\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  one soldier shouts at the sky. They all feel the response.\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch We are your fellow citizens, waiting for you to join us as explorers, and as builders,\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  says A\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch mon, from the new world. \plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 
\'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Look at the red planet just above your eastern horizon. We are there, yet we can know your thoughts and feelings, too, and you can know ours, as if we were in the same room.\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Go home to your armies and your leaders,\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  Naw\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8217 \'92\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Ra says. \plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8220 \'93\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch Tell them 
that a new era has begun.  I will train you to entangle and you will train your families, your neighbors, and yes, your leaders.  I have laid down my arms, and so have many others in the three armies. From this day, we are no longer three houses, but one \plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8212 \'97\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch  Guardians of this world. We have been fortunate to have ripped open the fabric of reality and to have seen more deeply into it than anyone 
before us. And now can begin the work of transforming our lives, our homes, and our future.\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\u8221 \'94\plain\f0\fs24\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs24\ltrch\par
\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f1\dbch\f1\loch\f1\fs24\ltrch\par
}
