{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 That night, Pa came in from the fields. He smelled of cow shit mixed with unbathed stench baked into his skin from the hours toiling in the blazing Arizona sun. As soon as he slammed the front door, he saw the setting for Bee at the dinner table. \
I held my breath. \
He glared at me as he smashed the extra plate against the wall.\
Ma stood at the stove and stirred the sauce. I slipped between her and him. \
"No way. You really is crazy if you think I\'92m putting up with this." He raised his hand and flung the back of it across my face. "Now get me my dinner."\
\
Pa shoved meatloaf and mashed potatoes in his mouth, barely chewing, slopping gravy on his shirt. He gulped down his fourth beer. His belch announced he was done.\
\'93I heard you was working with Caroline Jones. We don\'92t accept charity. Tell her you won\'92t be coming by anymore,\'94 pa said. \
\'93It\'92s not charity. I work for her.\'94 \
\'93Ha! You\'92re too stupid to work for anybody. It\'92s charity. Besides you've got chores enough around here. Now give me whatever money she\'92s given you so far.\'94 \
I glared at him. \'93I haven\'92t been paid yet.\'94 I lied. \
He squinted his eyes at me. \'93Yeah, well, don\'92t go back.\'94 \
I opened my mouth to speak but his look kept me from talking. We finished our dinner in silence. \
"One good thing, Bee don\'92t eat much, and from the looks of it neither do you," pa laughed, pushed back his chair, and stood. As he pass by me he whacked my head. "Looks like you got some sweeping to do." He kicked part of the broken plate at my legs. He grabbed another beer, and plopped into his chair in front of the TV. \
I slid some meatloaf and rolls into my apron pocket for Bee, then took the dishes to the sink where ma was washing. \
"Why do you make trouble, Suzie? You know Bee don\'92t sit at the table when he\'92s home," Ma whispered. \
"But it's not right."\
"Stop, now, before you get us another beating." She soaked her hands in the soapy water and lowered her eyes. "I can\'92t take much more."\
"It\'92s okay, ma. We don\'92t need him. We don\'92t need nobody." \
Ma shook her head and went back to washing dishes. "You seem to need Bee," Ma said without looking up.\
\
 I spent the rest of the night in my bedroom with the door closed. The meatloaf I snuck in didn't take long to disappear. Ma's words 'you seem to need Bee,' and Mrs. Jones's words, 'It isn't cute anymore,' and 'she's got to accept the truth' echoed in my head. I didn't need Bee, Bee needed me. If it weren't for me, she'd take the beatings from Pa, and wouldn't have a voice. She needed me, and I was nothing without her.\
}