{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  The Sunday morning ritual had started. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://7AE9FF35-5118-44DC-981A-90015B64FBD6"}}{\fldrslt Ma}} begged {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://6B47AD43-C316-4A45-963A-BC932D3B09C7"}}{\fldrslt pa}} to attend church with us. They yelled, then she bargained promising to service him later in return for him going with us. Pa relented. Ma\'92s only leverage was to service, but I knew if she didn\'92t, he\'92d do Bee. I hated him for this. \
Monsoon season should have been in full swing, but as the Sunday sun rose, the hope of a new day gave way to continued despair that turned to apathy fueled by a clear sky, and no rain in sight.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As we approached the church, Mrs. Jones cut us off and asked to talk to pa. A group of women stood nearby sewed gossip seeds to reap after mass. I slipped in with the woman but kept Mrs. Jones in my line of site. She was talking real firm with Pa. Even shook a pointed finger at him. I couldn\'92t hear everything, but based on the vein popping out on his neck, he wasn\'92t liking it. Some words\'85 turning him in\'85 bribes\'85 shame, and I even thought I heard the words state police when she poked him with that pointed finger of hers. \
Pa glared daggers at her finger. There they stood. Toe to toe. Eyes locked. With Pa being six foot, and Mrs. Jones right at five foot - it was almost comical when Pa dropped his eyes first. I couldn\'92t believe it. I\'92d never seen Pa back down. The words "all right then" slithered between his gritted teeth. Mrs. Jones looked like an eagle about to dive on its prey with her squinted eyes, laser focused at pa. She gave a terse nod and walked away. \
Ma nudged my side, and I closed my gaping mouth. I tried to focus on the other women chatting away, but my mind lingered on pa and Mrs. Jones. \
Mrs. Jones came up beside ma and me. "Susan, may we talk?" I guess she wasn\'92t asking cause she took Ma\'92s arm and guided her clear of prying ears. She gestured for me to follow. \
"I had a very fruitful conversation with your husband, sweetie." \
Ma\'92s head whipped around to make sure pa was across the field. When she turned back, her eyes were as big as charcoal, her lower lip trembled. \
"Now, now, don\'92t you concern yourself with him." Mrs. Jones shook her head. "He\'92s agreed to let Suzie continue her education with me. I also told him Suzie was working for me and that I was paying her. He's also agreed that any money Suzie earns is hers to do with as she sees fit." Mrs. Jones nodded once, putting an end to things with pa. \
Ma looked scared but managed a smile. She took my arm in her hands and patted my forearm. "How\'85 how d\'92you do that?" ma asked. I was asking\'96\'96who'd pay for this? \
"Doesn\'92t matter now, it\'92s done. I expect to see her every Saturday and any afternoon she doesn't have chores to do, or other jobs to work, if you approve of course." \
Ma just looked at her. \
"Okay, then." Mrs. Jones turned to me. "And for you, girl, you review what I outlined for you this week." \
With her eyes averted, ma gave Mrs. Jones a quick hug, saying thank you through her tears. \
We watched ma walk away. \
"Oh, don\'92t you worry. She\'92s okay, honey," said Mrs. Jones. She put her arm around me. "She\'92s happy for you; a bit overwhelmed is all." \
\
}