{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Diver was beginning to think she was becoming an Earther. Hardly any time at all had passed since she had contacted Raefe and she was impatient to know if she had moved him at all. Gone was her \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93sometimes it takes centuries\u8221\'94 perspective. She was about to find him in the waveform when she caught herself. Of course, he would have nothing to say. And he would just feel she was berating him for being slow. It was paradoxical that her species would live 10 or 20 times longer than humans, but had enhanced minds that could solve problems in a fraction of their time. No need to rub it in with him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Frustrated, she calmed herself down and let her memories of her conversations with Flier and Raefe play back. And there it was \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she had missed something. Flier seemed so sure about how intelligent species other than the humans had evolved. But why? What if the Guardians had merely clicked with those most like them, and dismissed other forms of intelligence? She ought to be able to figure that out, or at least find clues. After all, every Guardian analysis of potential member species was recorded. All she had to do was go back and read through them to see if there was a systematic bias against species whose consciousness was wired differently, who didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t follow this brain-network model.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She found the archive interface and asked it to examine all analysis reports of non-Guardian species for indications of alternative brain architectures, or judgments that the species was intelligent but somehow flawed. The archive told her it would report back in a few hours, leaving her pacing around her quarters, unable to concentrate enough even to go for a short fly and burn off her anxieties. But finally, she felt the answers flow into her mind from the Archive AI.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She struggled to make sense of it all. She had no idea that thousands, tens of thousands, of years before any of the current living Guardians, huge surveys had been made of the galaxy. Hundreds of candidate species had been identified. But somehow, only 20 had wound up becoming Guardian members. All of that candidates had some promise \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  language, technology, sophisticated social organization\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 yet somehow they had been ruled out. She would have to dig deeper, delve into the many reports to find out why. It was a daunting task, one that might take years.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But she couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t let it go. She needed to start, to see if she could find any patterns that would make the task more than just a needle in a haystack exercise. She suited up for flying and headed out. There was a mountain she knew, well a large hill really, where she could be alone. The suns were cooperating. It was a day of mild updrafts and she found one and let her suit navigate her glide toward the high grounds. It took her the better part of an hour to get there. She could feel in the waveform that she was alone \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  no one was around for many miles.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She found a tree to perch on. Her arms folded around her, balanced finely on a big tree limb, she surveyed the lands around her. The suns were almost equally spaced around the sky, high enough to hurt the eyes, the air now a pale peach. She began her routine for serious concentration, trimming away all of the distractions, waking up certain enhancements she would need for the job.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Even when she had gone to Guardian school, she had not been exposed to the sheer quantity and variety of intelligent life they had found in their early surveys. Life had arisen in so many places. Much of it never evolved beyond simple organisms \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  many planets were beneficent enough that little more was needed than to float in a soupy ocean full of nutrients, warmed by the light of friendly suns. But things change \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  oceans become acidic or hypoxic, suns flare up, volcanoes erupt \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and life either adapts or disappears. It was in these moments that simple life blindly evolved to join in colonies, to make new compounds, absorb new nutrients and change in ways that made more change possible.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That was the key thing \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  evolving to evolve. And that led many species to evolve in ways that freed them from the tyranny of their heredity. Once born, they used intelligence and culture to adapt further, to be able to respond more quickly than the long and blind processes of natural selection would permit. It was among these select species that consciousness flourished and differentiated. There was a myriad of ways that living creatures had found to sense their environment, to move within it, to manipulate parts of it, and to survive the worst of it. The deeper she sunk into the archive, the more lost she became in the variety of life. And yet, all life had to solve certain problems, and she was fascinated how basic that list was, no matter how different their worlds were. Hot, cold, wet, dry, light, dark \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  these were the sides of the boxes that life came in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her reverie was interrupted by a tickling at the back of her mind. Startled, she wondered what it was that approached here, in the middle of the wild. She pushed back cautiously on the tickle, felt it becoming solid yet soft, as if beckoning her to pull on it. She was suddenly afraid \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  out here, no one to help her, what if this was a predator? Or worse, one of Hankori\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s minions? Silly, she thought, no one cares about me enough to bother. Probably one of the local birds trying to understand if I\u8217\'92m their cousin or something. She let herself flow into what had now become a kind of thread and flow along it, like a wire.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then she was somewhere completely different, as if she had woken up underwater. She could see the sky through the water. The suns were her old friends, arrayed differently though. And there was a different moon in the sky.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My old friend,\u8221\'94 a voice said. \u8220\'93Do you see where I am?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, she was seeing Traveller\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Perch from Water Eye. It was Adno, her former student who had succeeded her as Guardian Ambassador for Earth. And who now lived her own semi-exile with Diver and Flier\u8217\'92s children, Anti and Mari. She could feel that Adno was using one of her secret channels within the waveform to evade detection. So she would want Diver to do the same.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sister, I do,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93Funny that you should find me. I was thinking about some of our old conversations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I suspected that,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93You are perhaps revisiting some of those old interests?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Not exactly,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Diver said. Adno must monitor the archives, she thought. She knows I\u8217\'92m up to something. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve had some new thoughts about some of our distant friends and that led me to wonder some things, as you seem to have discovered. Can we speak freely?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For a brief time,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93What brings you to the archive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I have come to realize that our friend is not only distant, but different, in some arcane ways, from all of us in the Guardians. And I\u8217\'92m wondering if perhaps there are many other species that are also different in similar ways. If there are actually many intelligent species we have ignored who are different in this, or even other, ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She explained Flier\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s theory, without mentioning him. No need to expose him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are certainly right,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93We here are in fact different. It has not occurred to the Guardian leadership that our ability to meld into a school mind creates a categorically different consciousness. Although our individual minds appear superficially to be as you describe yours, in fact they are not. They are parts of this larger whole of the school and they work in ways others in the Guardians are unfamiliar with and do not recognize. If we had not had that superficial similarity, perhaps they would have dismissed us as mere fish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think that your work against Hankori\u8217\'92s plot changed that?\u8221\'94 Diver asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I had expected it would, but no one has said or done anything to indicate that it has,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93I admit, I find it odd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any idea why that might be?\u8221\'94 Diver wondered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Adno replied. \u8220\'93But I think it says something, I just don\u8217\'92t know what. Something about some of the assumptions that were baked into the Guardians long ago. And maybe also something about what we have become in the last 1,000 years or so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, interesting. What\u8217\'92s your thought on that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Again, not fully baked. But I think of words like complacent, self-satisfied, uncurious,\u8221\'94 Adno said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that would be sad,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93But I really do want to get to the bottom of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot forgive our leaders for how things turned out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I can\u8217\'92t, but that\u8217\'92s not what\u8217\'92s behind this, I hope,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93No, this is about understanding our far away friend better. His species seems to be like many of these in the archives. Intelligent, promising, but ultimately, following a path that we don\u8217\'92t fully understand. I\u8217\'92d love to know how many of these rejected species fit that description.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That would take you a very long time,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93Not you whole life, but certainly our friends. But I think I can help. If the school works together, we can scour the archive and answer your question in a few days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That would be terrific,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93You will let me know the answer?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I will find someone else to let you know. Your progeny. We must be careful not to be predictable, not to leave tracks, as you land dwellers like to say. I don\u8217\'92t know if the leadership are still watching me, but I act as if they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Understood, me as well. Always good to talk to you, Adno. May the waters be cool and swift around you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She flew back home, the winds now at her back. It was the first time in a long time that she felt she was on to something, something important. Ages ago, her ancestors had been able to spot potential food moving among the tall grasses from a long way off. Now, she felt her mind straining to find her prey in the thicket of the past. She would circle from above for as long as it took, waiting for that little flash, that little movement, that would tip her off. She relished the idea of Anti and Mari helping \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they had never really learned the ancient hunting skills, and probably it was silly to think they should. But she could at least sharpen their thinking when it came to the kinds of challenges they would face in their futures.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}