{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 New Voodo}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 November 9, 2048}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  In the morning, they piled on to flat bed trucks that took them to the beach. They drove along empty, broken asphalt roads, a black ribbon through the grey forests, leaves long killed by years of salt-laden hurricanes. Here and there, the dead wood was streaked black from lightning fires. Around a corner, the sun shone bright off something green. They drove closer \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it was algae growing in the salt ponds, safe from the ocean waves. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The beach was a different story. There were trucks, piles of materials, many trucks unloading prisoners and supplies. Zodiacs came and went. They sat huddled in one, then get off on a sandbar. The seals barked at one end while they stood knee deep at the other, building a pylon out of recycled plastic blocks. The morning sun warmed the shallows but by afternoon the clouds had rolled in and they could no longer feel their feet. The guards let them rotate in and out of the water, giving them a few minutes to get the feeling back in their feet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe found himself sitting on mound of building supplies next to the man who had interrupted Robertson back in Somerville. He tipped his head to Raefe and grunted a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alton Winchester,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m guessing you\u8217\'92\u8217\'92re Raefe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know my name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I saw with you with Lina. Used to see her down at the K&K. She talks about you a lot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I dug what you did the other day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of the guards came over and glared at them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright ladies, I\u8217\'92m sure your little footsies are warm enough now. Back to work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they trudged back into the water, Alton looked back for an instant, mouthing \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look me up tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That night, in the mess tent, they found Alton and sat down next to him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So here we are,\u8221\'94 Alton said to Lina. \u8220\'93Two fugees trying to survive the apocalypse again. And not even Kayam\u8217\'92s Cubanos to make it almost worthwhile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t miss a beat with that Goodstuff Benjamin track,\u8221\'94 Lina said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me and Alton always ago round about him,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a Nigerian guy Alton\u8217\'92s into.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not just a guy,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s a teacher, a leader. He\u8217\'92s the head of the New Voodo Army. They\u8217\'92re into mass resistance to the corpos, the mercs, the religious extremists.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So pretty much every authority figure in the world,\u8221\'94 Raefe laughed. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s left to run things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They are,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the point. The NVA is all about self-determination.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alton, before you give us that speech,\u8221\'94 Lina said, \u8220\'93I have to ask you. Did we just go from being fugees in Somerville to prisoners on an island?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not wrong,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93Technically, we can leave. But we give up any claim to any benefits or support. Total free agents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Son of a bitch,\u8221\'94 Lina swore. \u8220\'93Where would we go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wherever we go, we are always in the diaspora. Nothing has changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When I came here five years ago, I thought I was leaving all that behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Same for me. I came here in \u8216\'9139 from Jamaica, after the plague. I was one of the 5%, the immune ones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on,\u8221\'94 Raefe asked. \u8220\'93What just happened to us anyway?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They only tell us half the story,\u8221\'94 Winchester said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been in touch on the Net with different folks.  That storm was the worst since the \u8216\'9141 floods. But the impact was the biggest ever because it hit so many people and it was in the belly of the beast. The New York financial center. The Boston bioinformatics complex. The  US economy brought to its knees. Beaches littered with dead fish. Fresh water reservoirs turned into salt ponds.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where does this all fit in?\u8221\'94 Raefe said, waving around the chopper.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like Digi swooped in, forced the Feds to give them a lot of East Coast territory. It\u8217\'92s a disaster zone now, but they get to run their own economic zones near all the big metro hubs. They pay no taxes, they can squeeze their competitors, and call the shots about what gets rebuilt and what doesn\u8217\'92t. First thing they want to do is protect their investment, get this sea wall up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later that night, Raefe lay awake on his cot, still but unable to sleep. For much of his life, he had felt overwhelmed by the constant flux of people and their feelings. This place reminded him of a long car ride he had taken as a little boy, somewhere out in the midwest where it was empty between the cities. Everyone still had cars back then, and there was still radio, before they all got Voices and eyeball \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91\u8216\'91puters and everything was there on the Net. His mom sat in the front seat, trying to find music on the radio dial. But there was nothing but static, the empty sound of the universe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now, his mind was a radio, and he could hear faint signals from all the stations in all the minds around him. Most of it was fatigue and despair. But there were notes of affection for friends, happiness over small things, and always, the desire to hope. I have a gift, he thought, that I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to do with. Where was Mars Girl when you needed her?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}