{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bobby dropped the last man off from the nightly escapade. He pulled his truck to the side of the road. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." He pounded the steering wheel. He had barely held it together after he stopped to pick up David, pretended to wait for him, and feigned surprise when he didn\'92t show.\
The bosses weren\'92t to happy when Bobby pulled in that night without David. Maybe it was Bobby's imagination, but the bosses overreacted. What was the big deal? No one was required to work every night. \
At the end of the night, they had packed up their gear and were heading out when one big man in a suit, with a gold tooth, and dreadlocks set his eyes on Bobby and pof the bosses yelled across the compound, "Bobby, let\'92s talk." He waved for him to come into the motorhome. \
Bobby looked at the rest of the guys already in the back of his truck wanting to go home.  He shrugged at them. "Hang-on. This shouldn\'92t take too long." He had learned years ago that a confident demeanor covered a multitude of fears. \
He had never been called to the motorhome before. \
When he had opened the door, four men crowded the motorhome. There was no chair for him.  He stood in front of them. "Close the door," said the one known to the workers as the Foreman. \
His sweaty palm closed the door behind him. "What- up?" Bobby attempted to quell the dread rising from his stomach into his throat. \
"Where\'92s David?" asked the Foreman. \
The other three men, Bobby didn\'92t recognized. Each of them seated with their legs and arms crossed and wore fancy suits and ties. What idiot where\'92s a tie out here? One wore glasses and should have had a matching pocket protector. Nerd. The big burley guy looked like he could eat the nerd for lunch. The third man, he exuded money and power. His suit, unlike the other two, was perfectly tailored and the material shinned even in this god-forsaken dust bowl.\
"He took the night off," Bobby responded to the Foreman but kept the burley guy in sight.\
All three men looked him up and down.\
"You 
\f1\i vouched
\f0\i0  for him." The Foreman emphasized vouched as if a blood oath.  \
"Yea sure, but I didn\'92t guarantee he\'92d work every night.  He\'92s just feeling under the weather, I think. You know a guys got a right to have a night off, you know." The men sat silent and Bobby blathered on. "Just needed some rest, that\'92s all." He took a breath. The silence hit his ears like bullets. Shut up, shut up.  \
"What\'92s the big deal?" Bobby broke. \
"Sick you say? Just needs rest, ugh?" said the Foreman. \
"Yea, yeah, that\'92s all. He\'92ll be back soon." The words slipped out. 
\f1\i Why the hell did I say that? \
"
\f0\i0 Soon?" The foreman looked to the Money Man who gave him a slight nod. "Okay. You can leave." \
"What?" Bobby looked to each man but didn\'92t wait for an answer. \
But before he could escape the Nerd asked, "By the way, was that you on the 
\f2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 old mine road yesterday about noon?"
\f2 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0    \
Damn it all. Bobby had passed by a car he didn\'92t recognize on the way out after dropping Suzie off at her truck. He figured they didn\'92t know him either, so didn\'92t give it much thought\'96\'96there were trucks up and down this road all day. \
"Ug, yesterday? Noon? No, no, can\'92t say it was me. You know, I can\'92t imagine what I\'92d be doing out there during the day and all. There\'92s lots of trucks 'round these parts\'96\'96" \
The burley name stood. "The man said, leave." \
\
\
\
\
\
  \
 }