{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Noreen came for them at dawn. Nila was already up, the events of the day before having shredded her ability to sleep. Mik would get payback today for his indulgences of the night before. Nila smiled at the memory. Sometimes Mik didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have to work too hard to remind her that he was  a year younger than her. Well, no one had gotten hurt, so that was a plus.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t occurred to Nila that the way to Thunberg would be in a boat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, yeah,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93Get used to it. Roads aren\u8217\'92t a big thing up here. We never had many, and now the ground\u8217\'92s so squishy that they\u8217\'92re hard to keep up. There used to be a road along the river all the way to where Thunberg is now, but after the thaw it just sank in the mud and there\u8217\'92s no money to fix it proper. There\u8217\'92s still a big road that goes along the edge of the bay, so trucks can move between the big ports. Inland, you just go up the rivers. But first we have to cross this lake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They headed across the a wide expanse of dull, flat water eastward until they reached Sakimi, a smaller version of Radisson where any of the dozens of settlements within a hundred miles came to get goods that had come up river from the Bay through Radisson. There they switched to a small motorized canoe and went east along the Grand Riviere, which wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t so grand at this point \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1   more of a channel in a vast marsh. Even then, it wasn\u8217\'92t like any swamp she had ever seen. No cattails or mangrove, just a giant mudflat pimpled by short tufts of grass. Noreen explained that by July it would be much drier and there would be more plants, but the flora still was dominated by plants that had spent eons in winter hibernation, only getting started around this time of year. The arctic ice had gone, but they still got huge snowstorms off the bay in the winter.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you had come a month ago, this would have all been white, as far as the eye can see,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93But you won\u8217\'92t see snow again here until November or December. And Thunberg\u8217\'92s too far inland \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they don\u8217\'92t get that much snow at all anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For hours they traveled up the river, no sign of humans that they could see. The land was flat, the trees short but already green. Birds were everywhere, as were fish in the river. Occasionally, they saw small groups of deer. They talked very little. Noreen was focused on the water, navigating around hidden rocks and drowned trees. Mik was awestruck, never having seen anywhere so wild. Nila could feel it coming off of his mind. She touched it lightly, wondering if he could tangle with her. Now that she no longer needed to worry about the New Kendall Secs, she was eager to explore her abilities. Some part of Mik reacted to her, almost like a flinch. But he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be conscious of her probe at all. She let him be.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The sun was almost high in the sky now.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s noon,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll stop for lunch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Noon?\u8221\'94 Mik said, surprised. \u8220\'93The sun is still pretty low.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that\u8217\'92s what happens up here,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re at 54 degrees, so it never gets high. In the summer, it wanders slowly on a long arc, but you\u8217\'92ll never see it straight up like you\u8217\'92re used to. You\u8217\'92ll be wearing those sunglasses most of the time outside \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it\u8217\'92s just blinding in your eyes all the time otherwise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We wanted something new,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93I guess we got it, eh Mik?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, nothing like New Kendall, that\u8217\'92s for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, don\u8217\'92t worry about it,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93The whole world is new now. We\u8217\'92re all still getting used to it. And by the time we do, it\u8217\'92ll have changed again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wish my mom understood that,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s bought into the whole corpo \u8216\'91we are an island of stability among the chaos\u8217\'92 bullshit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93More like an island of bullshit, anyway,\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Noreen laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you can\u8217\'92t blame people for wanting stability, I guess. But islands, that\u8217\'92s another story. Islands come and islands go \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you learn that first hand up here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where we\u8217\'92re from, too,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s part of why we\u8217\'92re here. We just didn\u8217\'92t want to be the people on the island, so to speak, firing guns at drowning people trying to come ashore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Noreen just nodded. Nila felt her sadness leak out slowly over the surrounding marsh. She could feel that Noreen had her own experiences with violence \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just seen it on the net. They had found a small, dry hill to sit and eat. Away from the river sounds, she could hear more birds and crickets. Squirrels and chipmunks, the occasional rabbit \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it wasn\u8217\'92t that different than home. Just no buildings in sight.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lunch done, they continued up the river. The sides slowly narrowed, the banks got steeper. They were headed due east, into a light she had never seen. The air was absolutely transparent \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  this was some of the cleanest air on the planet. But the sun was already getting low in the west, and the eastern sky was grey. It felt like night, but you could see everything. There were low hills that grew increasingly large as they came closer. They were craggy but seemed only two-dimensional in the flat light.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soon, the hills were no longer visible as the river grew narrower and the banks higher. The scrub along the banks turned into larger bushes, and then a sort of miniature birch forest, the trees rarely more than 10 feet high. Now and then they could see past the trees to the surrounding area. It was no longer an endless marsh. Noreen explained that the cold, which also brought dryness, and the many months of short daylight, kept the vegetation close to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Except for vegetables,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Wait until you see the gardens later this summer. Tomatoes like you\u8217\'92ve never seen. Squash you could live inside. And, here we are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, they rounded a bend and could see a settlement. Soon, they were there, clambering up on to the bank to a town like none they had ever seen. Some buildings were arranged like flower petals around a central tower. Others were built in a terraced manner, stair-stepping their way up six stories, an odd sight in the middle of the wilderness. The streets were wide, with a trolley track down the middle that had autonomous truck-like electric vehicles quietly traversing. On either side, people moved on everything from shoes to bikes fitted with small trailers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here, we are, Thunberg,\u8221\'94 Noreen said, waving toward the town. \u8220\'93Home to 6,000 adventurous souls.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Six thousand and two now, I guess,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93Sure looks different than New Kendall.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thunberg was everything Nila had hoped for and nothing like she had expected. It was not the edge-of-the-world, pioneers-in-tents image she had in her mind. Nor was it the techno marvel that everyone on the net made it out to be. It was, without doubt, the oddest place.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The basic concept of the town was two-fold. One, don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t make matters worse: don\u8217\'92t emit greenhouse gases, don\u8217\'92t pollute, don\u8217\'92t stress the flora or fauna. Two, make matters better: use the gases coming out of the freshly thawed tundra, and the carbon in the air, as raw materials in new ways that didn\u8217\'92t violate the first principle. The technologies employed ranged from ancient to state of the art. There were a bewildering array of processes and products that seemed to change constantly, adapting with the time of year, the time of day, the weather and a variety of other factors too numerous for Nila to get a handle on at first glance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But the basic idea was simple. During the long summer days, solar cells charged up giant batteries. They also powered electrochemical processes that created basic chemical building blocks from CO2 in the air, methane leaking out of the ground, and various other substances. During the winter, wind power ruled. Some of the chemicals created during the summer were then consumed in fuel cells to create heat, but without emissions. The batteries also provided winter power. Some of the chemicals were combined with plant compounds like cellulose from small tree farms planted on the surrounding hills to create  materials \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  bricks and beams of various sizes \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that were what most buildings were made of. These materials could be dissolved through electrochemistry back to their basic ingredients, eliminating any long-lasting harmful waste.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was all like some giant science fair project, only it was real, and she had to admit, pretty cool. Most of the buildings also hosted plants all over them \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  some for food, some for creating fibers for cloth or rope or other useful items, some for medicine or other purposes. Little was wasted, nothing was harmful.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got that look,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93Like you think it\u8217\'92s amazing but you wonder how it all works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Exactly. More, does it all work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Amazingly, it does,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93But not always how you\u8217\'92d like it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Mik asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When winter comes, you\u8217\'92ll see for yourself,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93Adjustments will have to be made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nila felt a brief surge of emotion from her, but she couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t put a name to it. Darkness, difficulty, a huddling feeling. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s us, right, Mik?\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re here to make adjustments. Can\u8217\'92t go on the old way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He looked even younger than he was as he tried to take on board just what they had gotten themselves into, just managing a half grin.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}