{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It had been a whirlwind month at Thunberg for Raefe. After Radisson and the boat trip, the welcome mat had been rolled out for him.One team leader after another had introduced themselves, proudly described their team\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s role and accomplishments, and invited him to take part in their activities. And he had. For the last four weeks, he had been part of all sorts of production teams. He had helped build a house, made from bricks he had helped make, made from chemicals he had helped to make from the air and the soil. Trees and grasses had been planted, irrigation had been constructed. He had seen the 3D printers, the AI farm that churned out the patterns for them, the solar and wind farm that powered them all. Four new homes had been built from what seemed like thin air. They would be net negative carbon homes, slowly drawing down the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. In a century or two, if the world followed suit, they might be back to mid-20th century levels. Twice as long, preindustrial levels. If they could survive that long, they would succeed in reverting to a more natural state. By that time, many species would be long extinct, but at least they would be returning the planet to a broad range of niches for life to slowly reinhabit and for humans to coexist with.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Today he was feeling his age. He wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t actually a citizen of Thunberg, so his presence on the work details was optional. This afternoon he was going to exercise that option and beg off helping to build a water filtration station. Still, he was restless and decided to go for a walk along the river.  Before he could make his way to the footpath along the banks, he felt Nila tickling his mind. They had met up when he first arrived, and talked a bit over the weeks, but he realized that he had never really had a good long talk with her. She had the afternoon off, so he invited her to go for a walk with him. He found her where the village path met the river path, all smiles.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They exchanged pleasantries for a bit as they walked east.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never explored what\u8217\'92s east of the village. Have you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A bit,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It gets wilder. I don\u8217\'92t think any people actually lived here before the thaw, at least not for a very long time. I\u8217\'92m not even sure animals did. It might have been mostly ice and snow except for a brief summer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I imagine the river had fish. And where there\u8217\'92s fish, there\u8217\'92s birds, at least, I would think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, probably,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I mean, I\u8217\'92m just a city kid. But it just seems so untouched. Almost blank.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re always talking about how we should be humble toward nature. But some times we forget that much of the planet \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  all of the seas, for example\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  were places we could only travel through. Not settle. The marks we\u8217\'92ve left on them were completely inadvertent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, not like we chopped down all the forests up here,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Tall trees haven\u8217\'92t been here since before the last ice age. And now, they probably will grow here in the coming years, for better or for worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Seems like humanity\u8217\'92s motto now,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93\u8217\'92Let\u8217\'92s try something new, for better or for worse.\u8217\'92 Ironic, given that the last 400 years or more was driven by such certainty that we were the best thing to ever happen to Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I used to get in big arguments with my mom about that. I\u8217\'92d say, why are you always down on anyone who\u8217\'92s trying to do something new? What have we got to lose? And she\u8217\'92s say, oh, there\u8217\'92s nothing new about all of this. People who have nothing are always trying to take stuff from people who worked hard to build a better life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t tell you how many corpos I\u8217\'92ve heard say something like that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93You try and take it apart piece by piece \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Who did the work, actually? Why did you force them to take what they need? Why was it so important to you to possess more than you do need? But it\u8217\'92s an ancient belief system that\u8217\'92s been honed to take root in a way that makes it hard to dislodge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like a fucking virus,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It not only makes you sick, but forces you to replicate and infect others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did you tell her that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not exactly,\u8221\'94 she replied, smiling. \u8220\'93If I thought arguing with her would have changed anything, I would still be in New Kendall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re going to stay in Thunberg?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, now that\u8217\'92s a tough one,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But probably not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}