{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Ambush}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 May 18, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Hankori felt the breeze coming up from the canyons, bringing a cool moistness to the plaza. Not many people were around. He had read that this plaza was once part of the last great city on Anonto. When the people of the world had become entangled 10,000 years ago, they found the psychic noise of millions of people packed together intolerable. And unnecessary \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  with their various and fierce internecine conflicts on the wane, the power of concentration gave way to the sustainability of distribution. They had spread out, like bright paint on a wet canvas, the drops melding and overlapping to form loose neighborhoods.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Pity, he thought. This moment deserves some drama. What it must have felt like for Cresilion, the last emperor of Anonto, to stand atop the ledges, his amplified voice addressing a million people below. Their sweat, their breath, their heat all welling up toward him. And his power reaching down, touching them all. But Cresilion had led the retreat, hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t he, from the high civilization of Anonto into the Guardian ethos. Well, what choice did he have? The endless wars, the desolation of the water and food \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Cresilion had done what had to be done. Yet, something had been lost, hadn\u8217\'92t it?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And now something more would be gained, but all in due time. He sensed Salmerikon\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s approach even before his network bots informed him that the train carrying the Guardian Council chief was pulling into the nearby station. A minute later, Salmerikon was across the plaza, giving a curt wave, his mind closed to Hankori. Well, he\u8217\'92s no fool, is he, Hankori thought. I\u8217\'92d do the same.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Hankori offered him a seat and some alefka to drink. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said to the offer. \u8220\'93Nice to have a little boost in the late afternoon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not middle-aged anymore.\u8221\'94 He half-expected Salmerikon to correct him, but that would mean acknowledging that Hankori was, in fact, quite middle-aged while Salmerikon was past the halfway point of his life. But he would make that point later, in a more decisive manner. He let Salmerikon savor the bittersweet taste of his boiled berries, their mild stimulant properties adding to what his enhancements provided, while they exchanged pleasantries. Still, he could not read the old man\u8217\'92s mood.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s on your mind, Hankori,\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t remember the last time we met like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I thought a frank exchange of views was in order,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a lot going on in the Guardian Council these days, and as the two most senior members, I thought we should chat on our own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re worried I\u8217\'92ll get in the way of your new lightspeed ship project?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s well underway. It hasn\u8217\'92t escaped my attention that you\u8217\'92re quite interested in it, though. You think I\u8217\'92ve got something up my sleeve, though, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, I know you have something up your sleeve,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said, smiling as if he were complimenting him. \u8220\'93And I know it\u8217\'92s something outside of our mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You see, this was such a good idea. Because it\u8217\'92s our mission that I wanted to talk with you about,\u8221\'94 Hankori said, returning the smile. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve always thought of you as someone who sees our mission as that of a watcher and a waiter. And yet I see now that I\u8217\'92m wrong. You, like me, are much more of an activist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You think so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh yes,\u8221\'94 he said, enjoying himself immensely. \u8220\'93I see now how wrong I\u8217\'92ve been. It hit me like a hot wind rising from a deep canyon at our last council meeting. Everyone was so interested in Aleron and Raefe, but what caught my attention was the girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He paused, but Salmerikon didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You see,\u8221\'94 he continued, \u8220\'93I almost missed it, but then it struck me: how did you re-locate her to a new timeline? Raefe, sure, Aleron had established a connection with him. I may think he\u8217\'92s a dead end on a dead end planet, but he is a natural entangler. She \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  is Lina her name? \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  on the other hand, had shown no such talents before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s true,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93But this was an unusual circumstance. She was with Raefe, who she has a very deep and intuitive tie with. And they were under a lot of stress. Really, about to die \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  it doesn\u8217\'92t get any more stressful than that. And we\u8217\'92ve seen stress trigger the conversion to being an entangler before. Isn\u8217\'92t that the story of Na\u8217\'92wra? Granted we don\u8217\'92t see it often, but not never.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He really doesn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know, Hankori though. This is just delicious.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We both know that wasn\u8217\'92t what happened. I\u8217\'92m going to save you the embarrassment of continuing this lie.\u8221\'94 He let Salmerikon see the data that Anatope had relayed to him of Lina\u8217\'92s conversion. The data stream showed clearly that Salmerikon had orchestrated the whole thing. \u8220\'93You see, I have important and useful friends, too. Even if I don\u8217\'92t spend my evenings with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon still had not betrayed any emotion. Ever the leader, Hankori thought, weighing your next move even when you don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t actually have one.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I can see why you would say that,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said slowly. \u8220\'93But I prefer my version. Anyway, you\u8217\'92ve never been much a stickler for the rules before. I seem to remember certain leaders of one Earth country \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  North Korea was it? \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  who became quite bizarre around the time you were ambassador to Earth. I\u8217\'92ve always wondered about that had it in the back of my mind to look into that. Hopefully, your important and useful friends haven\u8217\'92t cleansed the record.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My, my,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93I seem to have struck a nerve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, I wouldn\u8217\'92t say that. I just find your penchant for theater tiresome. What is it you want?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I want the Guardians to benefit Anonto. And all the other members, for that matter. I want the Guardians to stop wasting time and resources on doomed civilizations like Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, so you can now see both the past and the future, is that it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sarcasm is my vice, Salmerikon. It fits you poorly. And yes, I can see a bit of the future. I can see that your term as leader of the Guardian Council is coming to an end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to step down?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I do. I have no need to discredit you. You can make up whatever story you want. You can take some time to do it. But within the year, you\u8217\'92ll step down. And you won\u8217\'92t involve yourself in the discussion of your successor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I never thought you had the patience to lead the Council.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And now I don\u8217\'92t have the patience not to. But I don\u8217\'92t care about the formality \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  I can work with others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon stood up, his face still blank. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The future, you will find out, is an uncooperative beast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s done, Hankori thought. He\u8217\'92s done. Cresilion would have approved.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b1\i1}