{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Diver has an idea}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Diver yawned, bored. After losing her ambassadorship, she had been rotated through a number of  jobs that failed to hold her interest. This one involved reviewing lists of young people from the various Guardian worlds that the biological resources AI had identified as potential future candidates. She was just supposed to make sure that the AI hadn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t missed something that might cause a problem. The only reason a person did this at all is that 10 years ago or so, the AI had had a bad week and nominated two children who had actually died at birth. No one ever figured out why the AI had done this, nor could the AI itself shed any light. So she had been assigned to make sure such mistakes didn\u8217\'92t happen again. At moments like this, she wondered if one of the old Hankori cabal had rigged the AI to fail just so she could be assigned to this stultifying dead-end job. She didn\u8217\'92t need the waveform to know that most of them wanted nothing to do with her, and she didn\u8217\'92t want to use the waveform to know if their feelings extended to revenge.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Deep down, she thought they were hoping she would quit. She wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t having it. She had done nothing wrong and it was a scandal that she was wasting her time on this and neither Hankori or his helpers had been sanctioned for what they had tried to do to the humans. She had decided that being bored was her contribution to a better future, and they could all just stuff it if they didn\u8217\'92t like it.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 As she reviewed the kid\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s names, she saw that some of them were from Traveller\u8217\'92s Perch and a few were nearby. She became curious \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  their data looked fine, but what were they like? Why not visit them, she thought. Her enhancements told her that the nearest one was a boy only a short train ride away. He was working at the school farm, apparently learning about plants. She didn\u8217\'92t know him and so wouldn\u8217\'92t recognize him in the waveform. She sent him a message through her enhancements. He responded immediately \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  apparently he found farming as boring as she found her job and would be happy to to talk.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Flier had left early and was off at the Guardian compound, so no one would even know about her little excursion. There was nothing wrong with it, but somehow she felt like she was breaking some rule or other. She wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t sure why, but she actually liked the feeling.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 It was a full sun day, but they were all low in the sky. Days like this had their own kind of light, a deeper  blue. Like twilight but warmer. She was happy to take the train. She never liked flying in these skies. The winds were often turbulent and unpredictable. But more, if she soared above a certain height there was an illusion that she had flown above the stars. It was vaguely unsettling. On the other hand, the deep blue was a lovely background through the train window.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After a few stops, she got out and walked toward the school fields. She smiled, remembering coming here with Anti and Mari when they were little. The waveform was filled with the chaos of little children, their sing-songy thoughts bouncing from one idea to the next without any apparent logic. Ah, she realized, it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s the logic of discovery, of seeing certain things for the first time, how things were connected, how they worked. And where you were in all of that.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 But how different was she now? Still just a kid, only instead of figuring out why rocks didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t stay up in the air when you threw them, or why your best friend called you a bad name, you had to figure out big things. But then again, didn\u8217\'92t it feel big when you were still only 5 or 10 years old?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She felt the boy in the waveform, seeing her approaching and wondering if it was her. She let him know she was, and he hopped up and down a few times so she could see him. She had already asked permission from the teachers to have a talk with him. They were happy to help the Guardians. Like most people on Traveller\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Perch, they viewed the Guardians with something bordering on awe. While all of Travellers Perch\u8217\'92s people were highly intelligent, extremely well educated and fairly worldly, for the most part they had little to do with people from other planets, other than perhaps the odd encounter with Adno\u8217\'92s kind on Water Eye. That brought a certain cachet to the Guardians. For the younger ones, it even brought excitement, and this one was no exception.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You are Three Sweet Chirps?\u8221\'94 she asked. He still carried his child name, given when he first sang to describe his characteristic call. Before that, he would have only been known through some form of his parents\u8217\'92 names. Anti had been Fly and Dive, for example, and then Long Keening Whistle, before he chose his name. It was as unpleasant a name as his song, but of course they had never told him that.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but not for long,\u8221\'94 he said, somewhat embarrassed. \u8220\'93Next year I will choose a real name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that will be a big moment for you. Congratulations, in advance. And after your naming, you want to start on the Guardian training?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it\u8217\'92s all I want to do. Plants are nice, and I like being outdoors a lot. But I want to learn about all the people and places in the Guardians.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you want to know about them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How are they different than us? How are they the same?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Why does that interest you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I just think it would be very interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Have you heard things already that interest you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, who hasn\u8217\'92t? I know who you are, you know. Everyone knows that you became very close to the people on Water Eye. That seems so fun, to be a giant fish and swim with hundreds of others. I want to feel them in the waveform. And there must be others, different ones, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, yes, there are 20 worlds in the Guardians, each with their own kinds of people. Some even have two or three kinds, although often only one can entangle. I myself have met most of them, but that\u8217\'92s because I used to be an ambassador and that was my job.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t you like it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, I loved it. Why do you ask?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, why did you quit being an ambassador?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She wondered what he\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92d heard. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a bit of a long story, but let\u8217\'92s just say that being in the Guardians is like being in any other group, like being in school. There are many things to do and they all need doing. So right now I\u8217\'92m working to find young people who will make good Guardians.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think I would make a good one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know yet. Right now, you love the idea of meeting all of these new people. But what do you think you should do when you meet them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She could sense that he hadn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t really thought that through. What child did? But his mind was calm, letting his thoughts assemble.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I want to learn their story. What do young people like me learn about on their world? What can we do to help them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Those are good answers. I worked with one species, the humans. Did you ever learn about them in school?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93A little,\u8221\'94 he said, but she could tell he wasn\u8217\'92t sure.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Here, I\u8217\'92ll let you experience some of my memories of them,\u8221\'94 she said. She let him see images of people she had seen through Raefe\u8217\'92s eyes and of cities and countryside. He was like a sponge, soaking it up.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 SPRINKLE IN HERE DESCRIPTIONS OF THE SCHOOL FARM, OF THE BOY, THE DAY, ETC.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Their world is greener than ours!\u8221\'94 he said excitedly. \u8220\'93Big trees! But there were so many of them wandering around in their town. And the buildings were so high. Why don\u8217\'92t we have such big towns and buildings?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Long ago we did. But eventually there wasn\u8217\'92t enough food and water and people fought over it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, yeah, we learned about that, too. So what happened to all our people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, some died in wars. And then we all agreed that we had to change things. Over several centuries we slowly reduced our population to a level that wouldn\u8217\'92t harm the environment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Are we going to help Earth do that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no. We can\u8217\'92t go changing other peoples\u8217\'92 ways. Maybe it won\u8217\'92t work for them. Maybe they will have a better solution that works for them. We can help them in other ways, by suggesting that they ask certain questions, or look into certain things that aren\u8217\'92t obvious to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what Guardians do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sometimes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She could feel the excitement draining from him.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I thought the Guardians really helped other planets. Like taught them how to live like we do. I think our world is very nice and if people like the humans are decent people, don\u8217\'92t they deserve to live like this, too? I mean, otherwise, what\u8217\'92s the point of the whole thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Indeed, she thought. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I agree with your spirit. It\u8217\'92s just that we have to find a balance. Imagine you had a friend who was hungry and you wanted to give them your favorite food. But maybe you didn\u8217\'92t know that they don\u8217\'92t like it. Or, in the old days, it might make them sick. You could harm them when you meant to help them. You\u8217\'92d want to make sure your friend got the food he needs, not just the food you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I guess. But what do you actually do in the Guardians, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s different on every world. The main thing is, we make contact with a few people, we determine if most people are going to be able to accept that there are so many other kinds of people and be able to work peacefully with them. We learn about their ways \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  how they live, work, play, have children and so on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds cool. I would want to do that. What happens after that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93If they seem ready, then we try to map out a plan to gradually make them part of our alliance of 20 worlds \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  to make them the 21st, I guess you\u8217\'92d say. That might take centuries.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You must really be into it, to be so patient.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I am. I know it\u8217\'92s hard at your age to be patient, but do you still think you are interested?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, I do. I know that whatever I do, it will take a long time to accomplish something really worthwhile. I am disappointed that we can\u8217\'92t help them more, but I think I understand. Do you think that will ever change?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe a little. Maybe you can be part of that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 That night, Flier came home from Guardian headquarters. She told him about her little trip.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m trying to decide if he\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93or if I\u8217\'92m just acting like fledgling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You feel it\u8217\'92s an either/or situation?\u8221\'94 Flier said, laughing.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, you\u8217\'92re right,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I have got myself all wound up about this, like an obsessed 30-year old. I think it\u8217\'92s because I heard from Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She told him about their talk and his plans to wander.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So now he\u8217\'92s convinced that if he can find people who are actually \u8216\'91doing\u8217\'92 things, that will be an advance over just spreading empathy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe he\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93Maybe that\u8217\'92s how humans work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 she asked, not sure what he meant.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, perhaps their sense of the themselves and of the future is more bound up in what it looks, smells and tastes like then how it makes them feel to think about it. To use your analogy with the boy, maybe they like different tasting food than us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Huh, maybe. I hadn\u8217\'92t thought of that. They always seem wildly impractical to me, but also very concrete. I confess, it\u8217\'92s an odd combination.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Only to you, not to them. I don\u8217\'92t just say this idley, either. I\u8217\'92ve thought a lot about what you said when we last talked about this. About whether we should intervene more. I\u8217\'92ve been thinking more about what\u8217\'92s holding them back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? And have you reached any conclusions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I have a thought,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93just a thought. I was reviewing what we know about their neural architecture. It\u8217\'92s been there all along, we just ignored it. They\u8217\'92re quite different than any of the  20 Guardian species. All of us have evolved along a certain path, starting often billions of years ago as simple lifeforms. We evolved senses, and brains to analyze the sensory input, and memories to hold it, and consciousness to know what to do with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93The humans have all of that,\u8221\'94 she reminded him.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but it\u8217\'92s built differently. This is all very obscure stuff \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  we mostly trust the AIs to figure out a lot of this stuff for us, as far as diagnosing and treating illnesses, optimizing education, and so on, based on our brain architectures. But I did a deep dive into it, and I found something startling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, don\u8217\'92t keep me in suspense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93The most common way that we know of that living things evolved into highly sophisticated, conscious beings is by first evolving small processing units \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  brains \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  that brought together all the elements I mentioned. Than somewhere along the line, there was a mutation and some beings had two of them and they could do a lot more. Than they evolved a way the two brains could communicate more efficiently, literally in fractions of a milliseconds. And then we began to evolve more brains, and more efficient networking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, we have eight brains. The humans never did that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, nor any other lifeforms on their planet. Humans have one brain with two not quite identical halves. In one way, it\u8217\'92s simple, since their bodies are basically midline symmetrical and each brain half can control one side of the body. Weirdly in their case, the opposite side. And the two halves are connected, so they can do things like walk with both legs in a coordinated way. And then they have all these little centers in each part of the brain that do something very specific. And they\u8217\'92re connected up to memory and decision making centers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I know all of that. I was their ambassador, you may remember.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, yes, of course. But that\u8217\'92s not what I discovered in my research. The big thing we missed is that this architecture evolved so long ago, basically with the first animals big enough to be visible to the naked eye, that it didn\u8217\'92t evolve to optimize their conscious behavior. It evolved to optimize their instinctive responses to the basics \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  danger, food, sex. Empathy, too, but mostly in relation to allowing them to bond to other humans in the immediate vicinity to cooperate to defend, get food, and reproduce. In fact, they have trouble extending empathy beyond people they can\u8217\'92t directly sense. They can imagine certain things about those people that help, but they can also have conflicts about it. They hesitate to empathize with people they can\u8217\'92t sense because they instinctively suspect that it puts those in their immediate circle at risk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d have to think about that. It does make some sense to me. They are very tactile for sure. But you started by suggesting this might put a new light on helping them. How would that work? You want to change their genetics?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely not! Exactly what we should never do. No, I have a thought that maybe they could use their emerging abilities to entangle to, in effect, entangle with themselves. Perhaps they could gain insight, from the inside, of how their circuitry works. They can\u8217\'92t change it, but they can perhaps be more aware of it. And optimistically, perhaps create new connections that get around this architectural flaw. They could learn how to make their conscious minds and their instinctive minds work together in a different way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93And how would we help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Just by educating them about this flaw and suggesting this solution.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So just a nudge?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, maybe. Maybe a guided nudge, whatever that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How should we do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I don\u8217\'92t think I should do that \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  too many eyes on me. But what do you think Raefe would say if you laid some of this out to him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No idea. I don\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d understand it. I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m ready to explain it. I\u8217\'92ll need your help there \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  to really get this deeply so that I can make it comprehensible for him. I don\u8217\'92t know what he would do with this knowledge even if I could make it clear to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t see how he could do anything harmful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, I didn\u8217\'92t mean it that way. I don\u8217\'92t know how he would find it useful. Earth is full of theories about how human minds work. For that matter, how other kinds of minds work \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  whales and trees and monkeys and computers. But nothing very useful ever comes out of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93And yet, they managed to form Citizens of Everywhere by changing the minds of a billion people all over the world without any particular infrastructure to start from. So they know how to change minds, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93In a way, I suppose you\u8217\'92re right. But they did it without changing how their minds work. Well, that\u8217\'92s not quite true, they started to entangle, and that helped. But they can\u8217\'92t figure out how to get the people who don\u8217\'92t have a strong ability to entangle to change their minds, or at least not enough of them and not enough of a change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, well that\u8217\'92s it, then. That\u8217\'92s what they need to figure out and that\u8217\'92s what we need to help them with. Thank you for taking this seriously. For taking me seriously, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  Far Flier sighed, her sadness evident. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93It pains me to hear the doubt that has crept into your voice. Nothing that has happened to you in the last years is your fault. It is an indictment of what the Guardians have come to that you feel this way. I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92ve ever said this to you, but you were \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  are \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  the brightest and most promising new Guardian we have had in centuries. I know I\u8217\'92m not supposed to say things like that, but I\u8217\'92m no longer the head of the council, so I\u8217\'92ll speak my mind, certainly to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Diver wrapped her arms around Flier, just wanting to feel her warmth. She let her emotions settle.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That is very nice of you to say,\u8221\'94 Diver said, \u8220\'93and I guess I needed to hear that. Maybe I wanted too much to be the bright star of the Guardians. Still, I have done what I thought was right and that should be enough. I have to tell myself that too often, but I still think it\u8217\'92s true. You\u8217\'92ve given me a lot to think about. I don\u8217\'92t think the humans can do exactly what you are suggesting, but I think it\u8217\'92s very much in the right direction. I think I need to trust them to make their own sense of it. And that means talking to Raefe again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You know them best,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll leave you to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Diver knew she had to it soon, too, or she would loose the thought. She took a short walk to a little grove near their house that was hidden from the path. The air was clear and cloudless, the stars looked like you could reach out and touch them, hundreds of millions of them. One of them was Sol, the Earth star. Her thoughts went out to find Raefe. By coincidence, it was night there, too.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Mars Girl,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Wasn\u8217\'92t expecting to hear from you for at least another 10 years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She could feel he was joking. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Still in Cambridge. Probably leave in a few days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, I mean, are you inside or outside? Can you see the stars?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m in my apartment. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Can you go to the roof?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A minute later, she felt him again.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s night here, too,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Are the stars bright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, there\u8217\'92s no moon tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Here, too. I know we\u8217\'92re 20 light years apart. But we\u8217\'92re in the same general area of the galaxy, you know. When we look up, we\u8217\'92re seeing something pretty similar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I never realized that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I watched an old 20th vid once where this character would say \u8216\'91Cosmic!\u8217\'92 about stuff like that \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  you know, stuff about how we\u8217\'92re all tied together in one big universe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Cosmic! I like that,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been thinking more about you humans, and talking to Far Flier. I think maybe there\u8217\'92s a way we can help you more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Far Flier! How is the old bird?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93He still soars, although he mutes his call more often now. He admires you, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Me? I guess I\u8217\'92m flattered but puzzled. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Neither of us can explain how you\u8217\'92ve managed to do what you\u8217\'92ve done, with Everywhere and the rest. I know you focus on what you haven\u8217\'92t done, but we\u8217\'92re amazed at what you have done. And he admires humans, too, as do I. But what I wanted to tell you is that we\u8217\'92ve come to realize there are things about you that we don\u8217\'92t quite understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Join the club!\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Now you\u8217\'92re getting what it\u8217\'92s like to be human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93More than you realize, I think. You see, we always knew that your biology was different than the other species we\u8217\'92ve met. Well, everyone\u8217\'92s biology is different, but I mean more specifically, your brains work differently.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She explained what Flier had told her. Raefe listened patiently but intently as she stepped through the whole idea.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I confess,\u8221\'94 she added, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means for you, or even to you. I don\u8217\'92t think we can do more than this for you. I\u8217\'92m really bending our principles to tell you this much. I don\u8217\'92t mind that \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  principles are great, but life is better and I want to be on the right side of that. But practically, it means that even though we can entangle and share so much, it\u8217\'92s harder for me to understand how you experience things than with other species I\u8217\'92ve met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I always assumed it was hard for you. I mean, if it\u8217\'92s hard for us, how can it be easy for you?\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93But it resonates with me. I think every person sometimes feels like a family gathering where not everyone gets along. There\u8217\'92s that grumpy uncle in the corner, that kid who\u8217\'92s whining for candy next to you, and so on. And you have to be the mom or dad who settles everyone down, cooks the meals, does the wash. And sometimes you just want to yell at all of them to shut up and leave you alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Diver had forgotten how funny humans could be. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93And do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, you just leave the room, so to speak,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92ve learned that uncle is going to  grump until he stops and the kid will have his candy and shut up and then you\u8217\'92ll get some peace and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93When you feel others in the waveform, do you get all of that from them, too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93In a way,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I feel the mom or dad. And sometimes I feel from them that there is a grumpy uncle in the room, or more often, an angry teenager. I\u8217\'92m just using that as a metaphor. It\u8217\'92s not that cut and dry. Maybe they wish the angry teenager would shut up but that anger also feels good to the mom or dad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Does any of this seem like it would be useful?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Not right away. I\u8217\'92m wrestling with what it would mean. On the one hand, you\u8217\'92re right, we\u8217\'92re always a bit of a stranger to ourselves. So how can we move forward if we don\u8217\'92t even know who we are? On the other, we\u8217\'92ve always lived that way. Forever. Some people want to believe that we were once pure and that it was civilization that messed us up. I don\u8217\'92t think I believe that. I look at animals, like a dog or a cat, and I can see conflict in their eyes, too. Is that treat a trick to capture me? Is that hand that reaches out to scratch their fur going to soothe or smack them? So I think we have probably always been ruled by these fears and we really don\u8217\'92t know any other way of being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93I thought maybe we had an insight that you could use to move forward. Not just you, humans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, don\u8217\'92t feel bad. I think you may be right. I\u8217\'92m just not sure what to do with it. I want to let it sink in. And maybe share it, with my family at least. They\u8217\'92re all smarter than me. Anyway, I\u8217\'92ll have lots of time to think. It\u8217\'92ll take close to a week to get where I\u8217\'92m going \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  hours and hours of train rides.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I should teach you to fly, instead,\u8221\'94 she said. Humans loved kidding and she had developed a fondness for it herself.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve always been jealous of that. Humans have dreamed of that forever. And then we invented the airplane and then we had to stop using them because they\u8217\'92re terrible for the climate. We only have electric airplanes now and they can only fly a for a couple of hours, not around the world like they used to. I heard recently about some sort of breakthrough there, but we have no shortage of optimistic tech rumors that never pan out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I look forward to hearing about your travels and your further thoughts on this. May all the winds lift you up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 We\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve only done the easy things in the Guardians, she thought. Allied with people who are fundamentally like us, even if they look totally different, breathe different air, eat different things. We\u8217\'92ve only connected to people who think like us. Probably we dismissed some candidate species just because we didn\u8217\'92t understand how their minds work and wrongly concluded that they wouldn\u8217\'92t be good members of the Guardians.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She looked up again. Water Eye had slid across the sky while she and Raefe had been entangled, but the rest of the Milky Way stared back, unmoving. What a big universe it is, she thought, and we\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve only just begun to learn about all the odd, wonderful people who live in it.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She walked back inside. Far Flier was grinning.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s so funny?\u8221\'94 Diver asked.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You know your thoughts were leaking out all over the place just now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, I guess I was a bit overwhelmed,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, it was wonderful, Diver. You give me new reasons to love you all the time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}