{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green252\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c98700\c50000;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 The c\cb1 hurch bell rang and farmers packed into St. Joseph\'92s Catholic Church. Sweat adorned each man\'92s shirt, and women dabbed their faces with once white rags. The smell of desperation oozed from the farmers, bitterness seeped from the wives\'92, and anxiety rocked the pews, fueled by little legs swinging back and forth providing the bored children something to do. \
Overhead fans swirled at a dirge-like pace. The drought had long since taken its toll on the fields and now ate away the very fiber of the community. Each week, more farms collapsed, farmers took any job with a paycheck, and many hung on by their toenails. Shadowy outsiders offered vague jobs with real money. Illegals, who farmers once relied on during picking season, were now met with hostile land, and an even more hostile welcome as ex-farmers saw them as competition for every job. \
Church no longer a place for salvation, but a respite from the devastation that reigned over the land. The service dragged on slower than usual; the stifling heat sucked the life out of the joyous hymns meant to bring a sense of peace and solace to us sinners. 	"Evil lurks in our midst." Father John began his sermon. "Foreigners come and corrupt our good men, and poison the well for future generations. We cannot succumb to temptation." {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://AC15C923-E1BA-4A7F-955C-68CF17361D31"}}{\fldrslt Father John}} was so laser-focused on the men in the back of the church, that most everyone turned to look at them as well. The men stood there like sentries at the exit doors. \
Ma always called Father John a pleasant optimist, but today his hands trembled, his voice vibrated with anger, and his usual calm demeanor rebelled. The farmers sniped glances at each other; mothers held their kids closer. \
"Times are hard, no doubt. But we must have faith in God and not be tempted by the lure of fast money." He paused and scanned the pews. His eyes stopped at each man who, in turn, averted their eyes. "We must stand united against these foreigners, protect the sovereignty of your land, and do not allow evil to take hold." 	A nervous hush bubbled up; the men at the back stood straighter. Unsure what he meant, I figured it had something to do with the construction down at the old mine. No one would talk about it, but more and more men were signing on with their crew. Some, never came home. \
My eyes grew heavy, but when Father raised his voice and slammed his fist onto the pulpit, it jolted me to attention. \
"Who here will stand with me against this heresy, against this abomination that seeks to corrupt our men, steal our children\'92s future, and co-opt our land for evil?" He eyed the parishioners. "Who among you will support your fellow farmers and stand as a sign of your commitment to God, your community, and your families?" \
Murmurs rose, and the pews creaked as folks scanned the reactions of their neighbors. A few farmers stood. Uncle Bobby, who sat in front of us, turned, looked at pa and cocked his head. Other men turned to glance at the men in the back. 
\f1\i Did one of them just give a slight nod?
\f0\i0  Sure enough, more men rose, then the remaining men rose, including pa and Bobby. \
Father\'92s hubris erupted. "Good, good. We fight this evil!" He sat on his thrown-like chair on the side of the alter with a satisfied smile. \
The usher stood at the end of the pew, waiting for the collection basket to make its way across the row. No matter how bad things were, most folk put money in the basket. Margaret Carter placed her dollar bill in the basket and passed it on to me. Dropping my quarter in, there it was\'96\'96the dollar bill with the three stars I put on it. I couldn't believe it. Wide-eyed, I glared at Mrs. Carter. \
"What's wrong with you, girl?" Mrs. Carter cocked her head. "It's just a dollar." \
I closed my mouth and passed the basket to Ma. I couldn't wait to tell Mrs. Jones.\
 \
After mass, the parishioners lined up to tell Father John how nice the service was; it was the polite thing to do, my Ma said, even if the service was boring. I jockeyed to be the last in line. \
"Father John," I said, shaking his hand. "What happens to the collection money? I'm mean, where does it go from here?" \
"Well," he said, lowing his chin and raising his eyebrows as if deciding if I planned on stealing it. "Joan will count it, record it, bundle it, and drop it in the overnight box at the bank. Can't have little hoodlums trying to steal it now, can we?" \
"Yes, sir, thank you." I quickly followed the others.\
Outside, we stepped into our weekly ritual of socializing after mass where we celebrated or commiserated, or both. The womenfolk set up a table with watered-down punch, cookies and brownies. What it lacked in quantity, it made up for in taste. A lovely day despite the gloom and doom sermon, and the fact that rain would have been more beautiful than anything. \
The men gathered around a withered Palo Verde tree that did little to shade them from the mid-morning sun. The women congregated on the west side of the building, catching the last of the morning shade. \
I stood with the women while Bee lingered outside the circle. She didn\'92t much like crowds of cackling women. She avoided curious glances of busybodies wagering on her pregnancy status and who the daddy might be. \
"Can you believe this, almost August and no rain?" {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://35312E2A-1AD4-470C-AC19-CDB731F05FF1"}}{\fldrslt said Dot}}. If Dot didn\'92t discuss the weather, she gossiped.\
"And this heat. My god," replied Joan as she fanned herself with a folded piece of paper. \
"My, my, he was in good form today." Margaret glanced over to Father John. \
Ma leaned in and whispered, "Don\'92t Father John know about the priest before him?" The other women lowered their eyes or looked away. \
"Apparently not," said Margaret. \
I glanced back to see Father John talking with a group of men just across the field. Their Michael Jordan sneakers and gold watches screamed: not farmers. Father John\'92s arms waived like one of those blow-up advertisements wiggling in the wind; his face chicken-comb red. \
"Who are those men, Ma?" \
"Stop gawking." She grabbed my arm and yanked me forward.\
"Look, there goes Conchita Romero." Margaret whispered so low I had to strain to hear her. "Her husband took off. They haven\'92t seen him for weeks now." \
I had gone to school with the Romero\'92s daughter, Maricela. They were good people. I couldn\'92t believe her pa abandoned them. \
The women watched in silence as Conchita and her kids, Angel and Maricela, got into their car and drove off. \
"Do you think it was ICE?" Margaret asked. \
Most shrugged their shoulders. \
"He is not the only one missing. Who's next?" whispered shy Beth Pillar. \
With furtive glances, Dot changed the topic. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://35312E2A-1AD4-470C-AC19-CDB731F05FF1"}}{\fldrslt Dot}}, who always knew everything about everybody, shared the news that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://3917B7D5-97ED-4D72-9DA6-47FAB355C971"}}{\fldrslt Andrea}} felt much better after that awful summer cold. Dot swore her aloe-vera fruit concoction had cured her. I\'92ve had her aloe-vera concoction, and there wasn\'92t much fruit in it, but did contain a lot of Tequila. She said anything from a Blue Agave plant produced miracles. When one drank Tequila, according to Dot, one experienced the "healing hand of God himself." \
I wanted to burst out laughing. Some women turned their head, others lowered theirs, and the rest pretended to wipe sweat from their upper lip, concealing their smiles with their tissues. What better justification for getting drunk most days than to claim it was the \'91healing hand of God\'92. She was a drunk, no doubt, but she didn\'92t get mean, like pa, she just talked a lot. Then again, she talked a lot when sober too.\
Despite that, she was a good neighbor. She had a garden that produced like rabbits, and she never failed to share when others were down on their luck. So, we all played polite like, nodded in agreement, and stifled our laughter. Her heart, beat from the right place.\
"Let\'92s go you two," {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://6B47AD43-C316-4A45-963A-BC932D3B09C7"}}{\fldrslt pa}} yelled from across the field. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://7AE9FF35-5118-44DC-981A-90015B64FBD6"}}{\fldrslt Ma}} and me said our goodbyes, and we rushed to catch up with him.\
As we passed Bobby, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://6B47AD43-C316-4A45-963A-BC932D3B09C7"}}{\fldrslt pa}} stopped. "Hey, meet me at the lower forty tomorrow? Tractor\'92s acting up," he said to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://E716A979-58EB-4932-8CAE-60073309386B"}}{\fldrslt Bobby}}. \
"Sure thing, David. God knows, you sure ain\'92t no mechanic." Bobby fake punched him, one-two, in the stomach. Bobby was often mistaken for pa\'92s brother rather than his brother-in-law. \
"Yea, but at least I can read and write," {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://6B47AD43-C316-4A45-963A-BC932D3B09C7"}}{\fldrslt pa}} walked away. \
"Pa?" {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://7AE43C36-95DB-46BE-8528-5D15C19BFDD9"}}{\fldrslt I}} took advantage of his good mood. "Bee and me, we going to walk home." \
Ma glared at me when I mentioned Bee. Pa stopped, gritted his teeth. Ma caught his eye and motioned towards Father John, who was in ear-shot. Pa\'92s eyes darted from Father John back to me. Pa never wanted anything to do with Bee. I doubt he even acknowledged her when he banged her. \
"Do what you want," he grunted. "Don't be late for supper."\
I touched ma\'92s arm. "Don\'92t worry, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://7AE9FF35-5118-44DC-981A-90015B64FBD6"}}{\fldrslt ma}}, we\'92ll be home in time to help with supper." Pa\'92s good mood boded well for ma; she\'92d be safe for a while. \
"I know dear," ma smiled and patted my back. "Have {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://34EE9AC0-ACA4-4337-B5C7-FD3CFF220409"}}{\fldrslt fun."}}}