{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Flying solo}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron was excited  this morning. She had made up her mind about Raefe. And she was going to fly.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most people on A\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92Nonto cherished their distant past as partially airborne creatures, but she was one of the few A\u8217\'92Mopto who had learned to use their enhancements to actually ride the air currents high above the canyons as their more avian ancestors had done naturally. People who didn\u8217\'92t hadn\u8217\'92t experienced the unenhanced lives of other species thought her foolish or eccentric. But  ambassadors often cherished the rawness of such experiences, the sheer physicality of them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She felt her body generating her morning nutrients and suppressed them \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she had other plans for food today. She ordered the room to open the front wall and reshape it into a balcony. She looked out over the canyons hundreds of meters below, still flooded to remind everyone of  A\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92Mopto\u8217\'92s last brush with environmental suicide 10,000 years ago. A breeze brought the first hint of warmth from Prime\u8217\'92s dawn to her face, and decorated the water with a dance of foam, pink in the sun\u8217\'92s rising red light. Higher in the sky, the Twins still shined like orange eyes against the black of space. Prime\u8217\'92s other two planets,  B\u8217\'92Nonte and C\u8217\'92Noono, were on the other side of A\u8217\'92Mopto this morning. Soon they would perform their complex dance across the day, the changing light powering the thermal cycle that all life on the planet lived by. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled, thinking of the stories the ancients had about their sky. Prime was Mother, and the Twins were First Father and Second Father. The planets were their children. They thought the Fathers were doing a mating dance with Mother, and that the children were approaching her for food.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron checked her flight suit, making sure its wings would release properly, transforming her body into something close to what it would have been more than 10,000 years ago. Standing on the edge of the balcony, she let her enhancements feel the winds. She dove, arms tight at her side, and kicked to release the small wings tucked between her three large toes. She used these small wings to guide her descent. She felt the sun on her back, the wind hard on her face as she angled toward the water at over 100 kilometers a second. At 30 meters above the water, she flung her arms wide, releasing her main wings, breaking and angling nearly vertical to the water. The pressure was enormous, but nothing her enhancements couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t handle.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She hit the water with arms and feet together, plowing into the back of a school of silvery fish. Her mouth closed around a good sized one even as her legs were just breaking the surface. She arched her back out of the water, extended her feet, and thrust her arms out into the air in a swimming motion. Two more thrusts, and she caught the bottom of the air currents and tacked upwards toward her balcony.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sitting on her haunches, the sun full up now, she ate the fish methodically. She chewed slowly, savoring the texture and flavor of wild food much as she imagined her ancestors had done millenia before. Maybe she would let Salmerikon relive it with her later. Or did he still catch his own fish once and awhile?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her body alive, her mind aware, she instructed the room to fetch transportation. She was ready for Raefe now. A few minutes later, the room opened a portal in its back wall and she stepped into a small subway car, half full with neighbors also headed toward work. At the Guardian Center, she found her way to her usual spot on the inner ring of the wormhole interface.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Surprisingly, Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was easy to find today. The fear and stress that she was worried about had triggered changes in him. Intrigued, she probed his memories. At first his strong empathic abilities had overwhelmed him but since she last entangled with him,  his mind had responded by reaching out more strongly to those around him. And she saw that the crisis had intensified his connections with Lina. He was still confused, unstable, a raging storm of desire to do something that will make a difference, and lack of confidence that he can. Part of him cannot bear so much sadness and loss around him, part of him cannot bear not being able to do anything to alleviate it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She knew that she should discuss this with the Guardian Council in two days, or at least Salmerikon,  but she felt that Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s life hung in the balance. He was the most promising of the two or three thousand humans they monitored.  Losing him would set them back years, maybe a whole generation. Did Earth have that much time? She made a mental note to dig deeper into the available timelines, but she was pretty sure there was little good news there. Time for her to act. She\u8217\'92d had learned an old Earth saying \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  rules are made to be broken.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was already night on Earth so she could reach out to him, make first contact in his dreams. With humans, that would be the safest way. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But right now, he and Lina had snuck out of the camp. Aleron realized they were going off to couple. Humans were usually calmer after sex. Good thing they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not like the Glynx, who only mated once in a lifetime, after which their whole tribe celebrated for days. She dampened her entanglement with Raefe so as not to risk distracting him. An hour later, she is glad to see that they both have drifted off to sleep in a good state of mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She had learned to infiltrated many human\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s dreams and Raefe\u8217\'92s were no different. In his memories, she found images of friendly females that sometimes appeared in his dreams. One was a character in the Vids humans watched,  a 2 meter tall woman, longer and leaner than real humans, with very long straight yellow hair, who had a sort of enhancement. Aleron found the hair odd and so modified the image to match her own purple and green shades. Raefe was dreaming he was sitting at his workplace. She walked up to him.}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Mars Girl?" he asked.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94Is that you? What have you done to your hair?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm Aleron. I come from space, just like Mars Girl. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re Raefe, right?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "How do you know my name?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s just say that you have a special gift that interests me. You are just beginning to come to grips with it, but your world desperately needs people who have this gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My world? What world are you from?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I live on Anonto, about 20 light years from you. My world was like your world about 10,000 years ago. Now we try to help worlds like yours survive and move forward."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t understand. You've traveled here to see me?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Traveling with my body would take many lifetimes. But we can send energy \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  information \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  through wormholes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So, you're just some kind of holo vid?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not exactly. More like we each live on one end of a giant guitar string. Whichever one of us plucks it, we both feel it. So right now, my brain and your brain are playing a song \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  having a conversation \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  over these many light years. We can do that because we are entangled, at a quantum level, with each other."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Quantum level? How does that work? Did someone plant a chip in me?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She sensed his fear. She had unintentionally triggered images of possession \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  their culture was still so steeped in ancient superstition. She made herself smaller, changed the surroundings to his childhood home. They were sitting on a couch, school children. Her face now reminded him of a childhood friend, Samantha.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe, you don\u8217\'92t need a chip,\u8221\'94 she smiled. "Sometimes you feel like an antenna, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And I can\u8217\'92t turn it off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because you are extremely empathetic \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  much more than most humans. You feel other people\u8217\'92s feelings very strongly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s too much sometimes. How do I do that?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Many ways that you don\u8217\'92t realize. You smell the hormones that leak from all people, you have  finely tuned mirror neurons that very interpret people\u8217\'92s gestures and movements, but most of all, deep inside, unknown to you, you are entangled with the electric waves that are their thoughts and feelings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are those the voices I hear but not quite make out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, those are the voices in other people\u8217\'92s heads, the little dialog you all carry on with yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m almost relieved. My head has been so filled with moaning and anguish from all sides, I was beginning to think I had a connection to Hell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Relax, there is no Hell. You are perfectly sane and your abilities are growing. Your mind wants to reach out, to feel others and to let them feel you and other people, too. While it is not something encouraged right now in your world, it is something humans will have to get better at if they are to progress. If your world is to survive, connection and empathy must become more important than competition and aggression. There are others like you, and you all can help lead humans away from self destruction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lead humans? You\u8217\'92ve got the wrong guy. I can barely get through the day anymore. I\u8217\'92ve disappointed my family, my girlfriend, and myself. If it wasn\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t for me, my brother might still be alive. I can\u8217\'92t help anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was in worse shape than she had realized. She was going to have to cross another line.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you think you\u8217\'92ve helped Lina?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re joking,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If it weren\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t for her, I\u8217\'92d probably have killed myself. I don\u8217\'92t know why she bothers with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I do. It\u8217\'92s not my job to manage your love life, but I will say this: you live in a world filled with Linas, and they need the same kind of empathy you bring her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks for the pep talk. But what is your job? Why are you here?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Think of me as a midwife. Imagine you\u8217\'92re giving birth to yourself. The new you will be someone you are very proud to be. But first, you must go through the process of birth. Are you ready for that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Slow down! Give birth, new me \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I feel like I just started being me. Not sure I want to get rid of me yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She can feel his mind frantically reviewing vids of alien possession, demons. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, sometimes I forget how strange it must seem if you\u8217\'92ve never entangled with another person. I can give you a sense of it.\u8221\'94 She found every point of entanglement she could. \u8220\'93\u8220\'93Can you feel that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I do. It\u8217\'92s like I\u8217\'92m seeing you in three dimensions. More like four or five, like I\u8217\'92m seeing the outside of you, but also your feelings and thoughts, all at the same time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it. Now every little touch you feel in your mind, touch back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t really touch you. It\u8217\'92s like I\u8217\'92m a school of fish and you are too, and we\u8217\'92re passing through each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now imagine more and more fish in each school until there\u8217\'92s only a small amount of water between your fish and my fish. I\u8217\'92m silver fish and you\u8217\'92\u8217\'92re gold fish. Can you see that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93One more step. Feel how we each disturb the water between us. Move and feel how the water moves. Now I\u8217\'92ll move. Can you feel the vibrations in the water as I move?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The vibrations \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that\u8217\'92s was how you speak to me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Brilliant! Now you\u8217\'92ve got it. When you feel your headaches, when you feel like the people around you are shouting their thoughts at you in a giant jumble, you\u8217\'92re feeling that water, just all mixed up. If you can focus, you can feel how each little eddy and whorl comes from a mind, how they form a giant chord, and you will learn to separate their melodies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I believe that. Sometimes I sense something like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no worse than being in noisy place and hearing a lot of voices. It\u8217\'92s just that these voices go deeper into your mind, into what you call your feelings and sometimes, what you think of as your soul. Someday, all humans will be able to do this. But your mind can do this now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She had shifted the scene to a subway car. He and Lina were sitting in the seat next to her. Lina was asleep on his shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Soon you will awake and you will remember this. Next stop, Somerville. Have a good day!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She slowly withdrew from his mind, letting his subconscious finish the dream.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}