{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24 Aleron felt a jolt in her mind. She knew at once that it was Raefe. She had told the minder program on the wormhole interface network to alert her to any strong signals coming from him. She had talked with him only two of his days ago \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  what trouble had he gotten himself into already? People really were a difficult bunch. She would have to forego her swim for now and return to her room. If Raefe was having trouble, she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want anyone to know until she understood what was happening. Best not to go to her station in the Guardian center. Anatope was always too curious about her progress.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Once in her room, she wasted no time with her usual pre-entanglement meditations.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe, are you alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think so,\u8221\'94 his thoughts were oddly narrowed. \u8220\'93Lina and I have been taken hostage by some guys \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it\u8217\'92s a long story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I see your memories. How awful. Things are worse than I had hoped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you get me out of here?\u8221\'94 he pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Had he figured out that he had been taken \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91out of here\u8217\'92 before? No, he couldn\u8217\'92t have figured out that he had been timeline-shifted. He was just asking for help.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sadly, no. Remember, I can only exchange thoughts with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you exchange thoughts with Lina, too?  I was able to do that thing you showed me, you know, like two schools of fish. Tangling. I can tell s}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s in trouble, and I\u8217\'92m worried about her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You were able to entangle with her?\u8221\'94 She was stunned. She had never found any People who could spontaneously create a connection with someone without the gift. She had been right! He was remarkable. \u8220\'93Let me see if I can reach her, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She felt the remnants of the threads he had made with Lina and followed them. They weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t deep or wide, but it was enough. Slowly, she wove herself into Lina\u8217\'92s mind. He was right, she had been brutalized. It was not the first time for her, to suffer so at the hands of other People. Lina was building a wall to hide behind. Aleron could not stop her, but maybe she could influence her not to build the wall too high or too deep. Guardians were not supposed to do this kind of meddling, but she knew that Raefe would never care about the Guardians if they couldn\u8217\'92t even help Lina.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron let Lina see Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s anguish about her. Lina couldn\u8217\'92t understand what was happening, but it diverted her from her deepening withdrawal. Aleron felt a spark of hope in her \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Raefe was alive and somehow he was trying to help her. Aleron let her complete the thought for herself: I have to pull myself together and find a way to help him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lina will be OK. She will need your help to recover, but she wants it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But how can I help her? I can\u8217\'92t even move. I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92ll ever move again, or even survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She probed further, tracing the damage. She fed the data into the biological analysis programs the Guardians maintained about the People.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are in a coma. You will come out of it on your own in a few days. But you have already learned what you must do. You must use your gift.\u8221\'94 She didn\u8217\'92t tell him that the injury had also triggered some curious changes in his brain. She suspected these changes were behind his new facility with entanglement, but she wanted to understand it better before discussing with him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But how can I do anything lying here, inert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As I explained, there are others like you on your world. You are fortunate. One of them is near enough to help. And he himself knows who this Davis is that did this. He is committed to stopping him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t you just message him or whatever you call this and tell him where I am?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She hesitated, considering how much to tell him at this point. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not quite at that point. I am entangling with him now, as we speak. I can get him to be alert to entanglement. You must do the rest. Just as you did with Lina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But how will I know who he is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93His name is Alton Winchester. I will share my memories of his mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She let Raefe feel what he needed to reach out and find Alton.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry you have to learn all of this under such dire circumstances. Normally, this would be a joy for you. But now, I want you to imagine you are a hawk. You are not hunting. You are soaring high above your body, gliding over the country side. Find the sun and put it behind you on your left. Let your mind ride northeast and you will find Alton. I must disengage now \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you are not strong enough to connect with me and find him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will you be back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but not so soon. You cannot think of me as the fairy godmother in one of your children\u8217\'92s stories. I can only help you help yourself and I have no magic powers. You and Alton \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you can have an impact on your own lives, your own world. You can turn this around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could still feel Lina\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. She was calmer now, but he could feel her despair, like water behind a damn. He forced himself to focus, remembering Aleron\u8217\'92s instructions. He let the dozens of minds around him recede as he rose above him, feeling down and out from the valley. There were more minds, faint glowing balls of energy, scattered in every direction.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How could he even find the sun? Aleron didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t realize how overwhelming this was. All of the minds he touched, their eyes were open. It must be day, so that was good. Every now and then he could feel someone recoil from the light, as if they had looked up into a bright sun. Slowly, he assembled a picture of the sky. He put the sun to his left and behind him, as she had instructed. He imagined a compass dial and headed northeast.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was easier now, feeling only those minds in his path. He wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just listening for them now. He felt like a net stream, broadcasting his song in front of him. He smiled, thinking of a dance tune he and Lina liked. He imagined his \u8216\'91wings\u8217\'92 flapping slightly to the groove, the wind like the sound of a flute in the tune. He added his own words \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Alton, you can make free, Alton, where you be? Alton, Lina needs you now, Alton, find us somehow. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just for a second, he thought he heard someone answer. He wanted to sing louder but his strength was ebbing. He felt himself circling slowly down, his singing fading, gradually gliding in circles down\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}}