{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Chapter 6}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A little while later, the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91cane harvester got off. Their car was almost empty and they dozed off for awhile. Raefe slept dreamless and deep, woke as the train came to a sudden halt. His Voice chirped and announced that the train had stopped due to routine maintenance on the track ahead. Wow, he thought, when did the train company start paying for maintenance? Usually they just waited for a break down and then fixed it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina looked like she had been awake for awhile.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Near Richmond, I think,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But something\u8217\'92s up. Look out the window, to your right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was smoke up ahead, black rolling clouds. Something big was burning, maybe only a kilometer away. They went between the cars, trying to look out, but the smoke was thick up ahead and they couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see past it. He ask his Voice for news about Richmond.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There are 781 reports of fire, fighting and police activity. How should I focus?\u8221\'94 the Voice wanted to know.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fighting,\u8221\'94 he replied, now getting nervous. Occasionally thieves boarded the high-speed luxury trains, but who would want to jack a solar train? He and Lina had nothing to steal anyway.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Reports from citizens on local sites say about 200 armed men have attempted to take over Richmond City Hall. These reports are unconfirmed by police or other official sources.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is the government here?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked. \u8220\'93Any chance police will come?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Difficult to determine,\u8221\'94 the Voice answered. \u8220\'93Nominally, still part of Virginia and the United States, but that doesn\u8217\'92t count for much. Richmond is sandwiched between two semi-autonomous corporate tax-free zones \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Brightstar Defense to the north, and United Energy Resources to the west \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  who both want to absorb Richmond, but so far haven\u8217\'92t made much progress.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now he was scared. Two hundred armed men? That was beyond a trainjack crew \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  was this some kind of corporate powerplay they were caught up in?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe, we should go,\u8221\'94 Lina said, her fear palpable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, we should find a place to hide. They may board the train.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Or maybe they don\u8217\'92t give a soot about the train and we\u8217\'92ll just be making it harder on ourselves. What do we do if the train takes off while we\u8217\'92\u8217\'92re hiding?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could answer, a gunshot went off close by. The car door burst open and half a dozen men burst in, military guns but ragtag uniforms. Brightstar mercs? he wondered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Listen up,\u8221\'94 announced a scrawny white man, almost a boy, at the front of the group.  \u8220\'93Richmond, Virginia has been liberated by the Snakehead Militia, fighting for the United States of White America. You are riding a solar train, which is forbidden in our territory. You will be escorted off the train, and taken by truck to a station on the other side of Richmond. In three days, we will repair the tracks and have re-established diesel service and you can catch a fuel train to wherever you are going. If Richmond is your final destination, you are not far. We will put you on the nearest street and you can start walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, they\u8217\'92re  real, the Confeds,\u8221\'94 Raefe whispered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We need to get out of here, if we can,\u8221\'94 Lina said, trying not to move her mouth. Raefe could feel the sweat on her palms. Just how racist were they? There was plenty of rumors on the net about the Confeds. Wacked out Wyn heads, outlaw diesel bikers, mercs who hadn\u8217\'92t had a job since they were run out of Mexico, the nets couldn\u8217\'92t agree on who these guys were. Except, they were white, as in White.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The platoon herded them off the train and made them line up along the narrow corridor that separated a small forest from the tracks. There were closer to 50 than the 200 reported with the usual net exaggeration. Up close, they looked more sick than dangerous. Pale skin and thinning hair, looking old even at 19 or 20. The water in the coal fields was mostly polluted, it was a heavy metal gruel that slowly sapped the strength of those who drank it, weakening even their genes. They were the last of the last in that part of the country, held there by fear, family ties, crooked preachers and lying corpos long after the land gave up on them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could see one of them was the leader. He seemed to have a little spark about him, a luminescence that shone through the dirty pale skin and the greasy hair. He had a T-shirt with a faded picture of a group of bearded men in 19}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\super th}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  century clothes, and the words, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Like my brother below me, I took a rebel stand.\u8221\'94 He had a nanotat circling his neck. It was off, but Raefe could make out different geometric patterns. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What you looking at, white boy?\u8221\'94 the Confed said. He shook his head quickly and the tats woke up. Red and black symbols \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  maybe it was the Confederate flag with Nazi swastikas added to it \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  orbited his neck. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92\u8217\'92re in White America, now. What once was lost, now is found \endash  you\u8217\'92re looking at the real symbols of your country.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know if he was joking or insane. Still, he could feel the energy of this kid. Best not to test him. He would have to be careful talking with him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93See, it hurts me to see a white man scared to see the symbols of his own heritage, and taking comfort with lesser creatures. I told you not to worry, we ain\u8217\'92t gonna hurt you. But your girl friend, she\u8217\'92s going to have to come with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go with you where?\u8221\'94 Lesser creatures? What planet was this guy on?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, you in White America now. Everyone else, we got a camp for them on the edge of town. We give \u8216\'91em three squares and a cot, not to worry, and send them back to where they came from as soon as we can. We\u8217\'92re good Christians. We keep God\u8217\'92s laws here \endash  and the Children of Ham, we got to help them see their place in God\u8217\'92s plan, you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m standing right here, Mr. White America,\u8221\'94 Lina spat out. \u8220\'93You can kill me right the frick here, you pale-skinned, soot-brained son of a goat, if you think I\u8217\'92d go anywhere with you but to your funeral. I know exactly what \u8216\'91come with you\u8217\'92 means. I seen that vid already and I don\u8217\'92t care what the frick color you are, I ain\u8217\'92t going nowhere with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Damn straight!\u8221\'94 another woman in the crowd yelled out. People started shouting, and the small band of soldiers was looking nervous, wondering what to do next.  Raefe could feel a small lightning ball growing inside this kid, not sure whether to strike to ground or not.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94 he asked him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93People call me Jeff Davis,\u8221\'94 he replied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s not your name is it? He was an original Confederate, I know that. What does your mother call you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why you care?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We got a situation here. I\u8217\'92m trying to figure out where we go from here, and I\u8217\'92d like to know who I\u8217\'92m talking to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Jeff Davis will do for you. The situation we got is that y\u8217\'92all got to do as you\u8217\'92re told, or someone is going to get hurt.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you want? I don\u8217\'92t know what they told you back there in coal country, but people who take the solar train, we\u8217\'92re all poor. These people been through a lot \endash  hurricanes, tidal waves, civil wars and just plain scuffling to survive.  I see you have, too, so I\u8217\'92m going to tell you straight. A lot of these people have faced worse than you, and whatever power you think you have over them, they are going to make you use it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just then, a shot rang out about 30 meters down the track.  A group of passengers had surrounded one of the Snakehead platoons, and one of the soldiers had fired a warning shot in the air. Jeff Davis motioned and he and his men ran toward the shot. Raefe and Lina took the opportunity to melt back into the crowd, which had now swelled into one mass of all the passengers faced off with all of the Snakeheads.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Davis pushed his way to the front. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Everybody calm the frick down. No need for you to be causing trouble here, we\u8217\'92ve explained to you we\u8217\'92ll be processing you shortly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Process my ass, you little shit,\u8221\'94 shouted a small, wirey, grizzled older white guy in the front of the passenger\u8217\'92s group. \u8220\'93Who the frick you think you are, you Wyn-loser little sootface? We paid good money to take this train up North so\u8217\'92s we can work and send money back to our families. Most of us looking to catch on with snow crews. Most of us need to be in Hartford, Connecticut bright and early tomorrow for the big New England snow remover shape up or we won\u8217\'92t get on any of the crews. We ain\u8217\'92t got time for your backwoods shit. Now git the frick out of our way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 More than 50 of the passengers had closed ranks behind him. Some of them had knives, some of them had found pieces of wood or had rocks in their hands.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Davis\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 crew looked nervous, but he was standing calm, almost bored. \u8220\'93We regret any inconvenience you may experience, but you are in our country now, and the law is the law. White folks, please walk to the head of the train and board the transportation to your train. Everyone else, you\u8217\'92\u8217\'92ll be enjoying the hospitality of White America for a night, and then we\u8217\'92ll get you on back to where you came from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A young black woman and two brownish men of indeterminate ethnicity joined the older white guy at the front. They all had some kind of weapon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shake that coal dust out of your ears,\u8221\'94 the woman said. \u8220\'93You must not be hearing us. You do not want to mess with snow \u8216\'91sooner crews.  This is life or death for us \endash  our only hope of making it through the winter. We work for months for this fare \endash  salvage, nuclear reactor disassembly, solar furnace repair, whatever shit job you can think of, we\u8217\'92ve been doing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lady\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 one of the brown men said. \u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t catch on with a crew tomorrow, our families may not eat. Hell, we may not eat. This ain\u8217\'92t no sim \endash  next time one of you fires a gun, in the air or not, these folks probably just rush right at you and beat you silly before you get those rifles up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Gentleman, I can appreciate the difficulties of living in the sad remainders of the United States of America,\u8221\'94 Davis said. \u8220\'93Until we can re-establish the rule of Christian law, God will not grace any of us with a decent life. You are paying for the sins of generations that ignored His teachings and broke with his ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, boy,\u8221\'94 the white man said, \u8220\'93Last I heard, you can still preach that shit on the net somewhere. That\u8217\'92s your play here. Not only are we not going to stand for you messing with our work, but we ain\u8217\'92t going to let you split us up. I might be nothing better than a snow \u8216\'91sooner monkey, and I might have only gone to school long enough to learn to read and use the Net, but I ain\u8217\'92t ignorant enough to believe all that White America crap. Besides, you start splitting us up like that, you\u8217\'92re splitting families, best friends, and whole work crews. So step off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m trying to get you to see that there\u8217\'92s a new order here,\u8221\'94 Davis said. \u8220\'93And a new law, and a new law is the first step we have to take.\u8221\'94 He nodded at the boys behind him, and they all came to shooting position. \u8220\'93Now I\u8217\'92\u8217\'92m going to count to ten, and you all are going to turn and march to the front of the train. White people straight ahead, everyone else, you\u8217\'92ll see a path to the left.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly the forest along the tracks rustled and several dozen men emerged, rifles pointed at the Snakeheads. They were mostly dark-skinned, as rag tag looking as the Confeds. They all wore black and yellow knit caps. A small tobacco-colored middle-aged man walked up to Davis.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Son, I believe that one day you will look back on this day and understand it was the beginning of a wiser life for you. And I sincerely hope that you live to see that day, despite your own intentions. And the first step on that road is for you and all your boys to point your rifles at the ground and walk away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No sir. I don\u8217\'92t take no orders from no niggers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Alton Winchester,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93The rest of your friends in Richmond are gone. The locals drove them out, the fires are under control, the track is already repaired. I know you came here to steal water, but you can\u8217\'92t just take water from other people because you\u8217\'92ve ruined yours. I know you\u8217\'92ll figure that out eventually, but for today, just turn around. Living in that cancer pit you call home, death will find you soon enough. We ain\u8217\'92t about hurrying it along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jeff Davis stared at Winchester. Raefe could almost feel the static electricity between them. But Winchester was having none of it. He returned Davis\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 stare with a bemused glance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93White America will rise again, make no mistake about it,\u8221\'94 Davis snarled, as he waved his outmanned group back toward Richmond. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s more where we came from, and not just in the coal fields.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All the passengers watched them march off, not trusting them. Raefe noticed the New Voodo Army guys all had their rifles down, but their fingers near the trigger. Finally, they heard the unusual sound of a pack of diesel trucks in the distance and figured Davis and his men were headed away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe embraced Lina. In the two years they had been together, her color had never drawn this kind of fire. He knew it was out there, but coming face to face with it shook him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you OK?\u8221\'94 he asked. She embraced him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m OK. You?\u8221\'94 Lina said. She could feel him shaking.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess. No, not really. I know my life hasn\u8217\'92t been like yours, but I never thought of myself as being sheltered. I mean, I\u8217\'92ve been robbed, beat up, met my share of sketchy characters\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you never had a gun pointed at you, for real?\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly, and that what were they going to do with you?  I thought that stuff died out in the \u8216\'9120s, after the Feds put down the white militas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That shit is like mold in the refrigerator. You don\u8217\'92t keep cleaning out rotten stuff, it comes right back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you get that shit at home?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked. \u8220\'93Do I just not see it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not much,\u8221\'94 she smiled. \u8220\'93But yeah, sometimes. You know your friend Herbert? You ever notice how if he comes over when I\u8217\'92m not around, and then I come in, he leaves pretty quick?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not really. You think he\u8217\'92s a racist?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, he has two looks he gives me. One, is disgust. The other, he wants to jump my bones and then he\u8217\'92s disgusted with himself that he feels that way about me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lina, you hardly know the guy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Authentic. But I know those looks, trust me. It\u8217\'92s OK \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  most of your friends are cool and up where we live, I don\u8217\'92t wake up in fear every day. And you\u8217\'92re right, these Snakeheads would get laughed out of anywhere within 300 kilometers of where we live. Still, I do know the smell of mold.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK, then, frickin\u8217\'92 Herbert is gone,\u8221\'94 Raefe answered, wondering what else was out there below his eyeline. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go find Winchester.\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Que massa, that bird,\u8221\'94 Lina replied. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s over there.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Winchester was standing up on a little ridge, eyeing the forest to make sure no one was coming back. Raefe gave him a hug. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think you just saved our lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina hugged him next. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was ready to die. I kind of lost my mind. First, this paleface starts spewing all this racist yak at me. He was so over the top, I thought I was watching some old vid. Then, the guns, the talk about the camp, I was back in Efricar, in some very bad memories. I don\u8217\'92t know what I would have done if you hadn\u8217\'92t shown up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We watched from the trees,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93We know they don\u8217\'92t have a camp anywhere to take people to, and we weren\u8217\'92t going to find out what they were really up to. We hear maybe they think dark-skinned people are just right to work in uranium mines out west, and they got some kind of deal to ship them out there. Not sure. Just for the record, too, they would have taken everything the white people owned before letting them go. But your snow \u8216\'91sooner monkeys shocked them, and I didn\u8217\'92t want to see how that was going to play out. So we moved in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why were you here in the first place?\u8221\'94 Lina asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re the New Voodo Army. You may have heard of us. We are a spiritual army, trying to restore our home to a livable state.  We keep an eye on the Confeds and about a half dozen other racist militia groups.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A half a dozen? Is that what you do, scare the scary guys?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, that just comes with the territory. We\u8217\'92re about surviving the apocalypse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You think there\u8217\'92s going to be an apocalypse?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Going to be? Already been one \endash  didn\u8217\'92t you notice? We\u8217\'92re all in the middle of it. We\u8217\'92re not Christian crazies, we\u8217\'92re not waiting for the heavens to open and God to strike all the sinners dead. The sinners will strike the rest of us dead, we don\u8217\'92t watch out. Like the White America kids, they\u8217\'92re half dead already and they don\u8217\'92t even want to admit it. They let the corpos get over on them, telling them how God wants them to rescue America from the Children of Ham. Robby Koch is who wants them to rescue America, and for United Energy Resources, not God.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Robby Koch? The billionaire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93More like the son of billionaires. They bet on the wrong horse, three generations of them spending all their money trying to stop what can\u8217\'92t be stopped. He bought the old Biltmore place in North Carolina, put laser turrets all around it, and spend half of what he\u8217\'92s got left trying to start his own country, White America. Coal\u8217\'92s been contraband for 20 years, he\u8217\'92s still selling it to those kids\u8217\'92 families for heating and cooking, telling them God made coal, and coal made America. Meanwhile, his mines and oil refineries and whatnot have poisoned everything in Appalachia.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why did they wander all the way east here, out of the coalfields,\u8221\'94 Lina asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got some insane plan to seize the James River, and dam it, so that they can send water back into the hellhole they have made of West Virginia,\u8221\'94 Windhester said. \u8220\'93They need that water to turn that coal into chemicals they can sell. The corpos tell these boys a fairy tale about how they\u8217\'92re saving the country, but that\u8217\'92s what this is about. We got word that this train was under attack and we hurried over here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what\u8217\'92s the NVA\u8217\'92s track?\u8221\'94 Lina asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re about helping people to understand what\u8217\'92s going on, and what we need to do, and why they should have hope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Every group of six students on our campus says that,\u8221\'94 Lina. \u8220\'93Whenever I ask them what that means, they start stuttering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, what do you expect? Sister, there is no God, there\u8217\'92s only us, and we have to figure it out. Took a long time to make this mess, and we only got decades to turn it around or we\u8217\'92ll be living like cave men for the next ten centuries.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what\u8217\'92s the voodoo all about?\u8221\'94 Raefe wondered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a long story, but I\u8217\'92ll give you the short version. In Africa, before white people conquered it, Voodo was a whole system of belief \endash \endash  science, ethics, harmony with nature, music, spirituality. It was a way to pass knowledge and to practice righteousness, together, as a community. We\u8217\'92re adapting it to the 21}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\super st}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Century. We need a new way of thinking and being, and we can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t depend on the usual means to spread it. So we use the music and dance to spread knowledge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just then the train whistle blew. The snow \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91sooner gang had made sure the train crew got right to it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I have to know more about this. Why the army? What else are you doing?\u8221\'94 he asked Alton.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You come visit me. Sometime I feel an openness from people, a hunger. You\u8217\'92ve got that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eerily, exactly what he had felt in Alton.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do it. Where do I find you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re on the road for a while,\u8221\'94 he smiled, like they were some Afro-Braz band on the last half of their world tour. \u8220\'93After the monsoons, you go to South Staten Island, all the way to the south shore past the old Arthur Kill dumps. You can experience life, Voodo style. You get lost, ask around, everyone knows me. But take these.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He pulled out two black and yellow watch caps, and gave them to Raefe and Lina.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You wear them when you come to see me \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  think of like a security key. Until then, maybe you keep them to yourselves,\u8221\'94 he smiled. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not a style -- we like people representing us to actually know what we believe.\u8221\'94}}