{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Not just a game}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 March 22, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First thing Monday, Raefe marched into Roshi\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s office. He needed time and he needed money to get to Kenya. Once Aleron had connected him with Lina, they had sent their thoughts back and forth every time they were able to for the last three days. She was OK, but he couldn\u8217\'92t let her go through this alone. And she thought that there was enormous potential in Dabaab for them to do something. So he needed to get there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I never mentioned this, but I have a girl friend, and she\u8217\'92s in some trouble. I need to visit her, soon. And for awhile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just like that, you are leaving us?\u8221\'94 Roshi looked up. \u8220\'93If I wanted staff who were going to do as they please and up and leave, I would get undergrads. And not have to pay them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, that\u8217\'92s just it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I want to work more. I want to know if you can give me hours, and more money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In my youth, young men talked like that either because they were getting married or getting their girlfriends an abortion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s nothing like that. She\u8217\'92s in Kenya \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that\u8217\'92s where she\u8217\'92s from. She was working out in the boonies and Shabab raided, and she had to flee. Her parents can\u8217\'92t help \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it\u8217\'92s complicated \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  but she needs my help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How much time are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe a month? But not until I earn enough to get there and back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How much do you need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe 10k?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Talk to Elise. She\u8217\'92s stuck. See what she needs. If you can work out a plan where you build them the next phase, you can go off while they do their part and be back in time for when they\u8217\'92ll need you again. I have no money, but I\u8217\'92ll borrow from the end of the project. Timewise, it\u8217\'92ll be the same span as MiniWorlds expected. They don\u8217\'92t have to know what happened between start and finish.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Roshi, thank you so much. I\u8217\'92ll work it out with Elise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He ran down the hall to the lab. Elise and Jim were heads down. He told himself to be calm, this was all going to work out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, you got a minute?\u8221\'94 he asked Elise quietly. No need to bring Jim into the picture yet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, what\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can we talk in your office?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She gave him a puzzled look but got up and they walked over to her office, just big enough for a desk and two chairs. He closed the door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry for the drama,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but I have a favor to ask you. I talked to Roshi and she said I should talk to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He told her what he had told Roshi. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you want to know if there\u8217\'92s some big next thing you can burn the midnight oil to do for the next month, and then take off for a month? Have it got that right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wish there was. I\u8217\'92m sure Roshi told you we\u8217\'92ve discovered very little so far.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stuck was the word she used.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fair description.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I can help. What are you actually trying to learn?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked Elise. He could feel her resistance to answering, but couldn\u8217\'92t tell why.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, if I tell you that, you may tilt the code to help me. It\u8217\'92s only natural.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You forget, this is my job. You have a lot on the line \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you\u8217\'92re trying to attach you\u8217\'92re name to a certain idea. I\u8217\'92m just doing a job. And I can\u8217\'92t create the right code if I don\u8217\'92t know what the goal is. For me, what you say is just a spec. Soon, I\u8217\'92ll be back doing games for idiots, so don\u8217\'92t worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t really believe that,\u8221\'94 she said, grabbing his forearm. \u8220\'93You have so much talent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, now he understood. She wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just be telling him a spec, but bringing him deeper into her world. For her, this was intimate and therefore complicated. He\u8217\'92d have to think about how to navigate this. Seeing what people felt did not always help understand how to respond, he was learning that more and more.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, coming from you that means something. Listen, do you want to grab a cup of coffee? We can talk this thing through in a more relaxed way.\u8221\'94 He thought she needed to get out of the pressure cooker of the lab if she was going to consider something new.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 she said, just the hint of a blush in her cheeks. \u8220\'93Can you give me 15 minutes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know where Izzy\u8217\'92s is? Why don\u8217\'92t I meet you there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Down Windsor Street?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never been here,\u8221\'94 she confessed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Raefe was incredulous. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been at the Toot for six months and never had the best coffee within half a mile? Never mind the empenadas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In Brazil, you must not be so casual about going to sketchy places.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think it\u8217\'92s sketchy here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I didn\u8217\'92t mean to offend,\u8221\'94 she said, clearly uncomfortable. \u8220\'93Poverty is everywhere in my country, and you have to develop a sense of what is dangerous. Look at that housing complex across the street \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it looks like one of those Gangsta vids from my grandpa\u8217\'92s day. People watch those vids in Brazil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here too,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'9350 years ago, it was what they used to call a housing project. Mostly people from the Caribean. It had some drugs and violence, but even then, it wasn\u8217\'92t so bad. But that\u8217\'92s how Izzy\u8217\'92s got started \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  this was just  the food the people across the street were used to eating. Now it\u8217\'92s all perfectly harmless young people of all sorts. Small, cheap apartments for kids out of college slogging it out in entry level jobs. So they added Mochacinos and Cubanos to the Bustelo for coffee choices, and they have low-carbon salads. Solar greenhouses and all that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Those are all college graduates living there?\u8221\'94 she said, somewhat startled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That was me my first year at MiniWorlds,\u8221\'94 he said. He felt her try to absorb the implications of that. He could sense her immediate and instinctive response was that she was somehow now associated with the underside of society, that she was in the wrong place. And then she scolded herself, both for allowing that which had been hammered into her to surface and for fearing him and people like him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think maybe you don\u8217\'92t have such a clear picture of life here,\u8221\'94 he said, trying to put her at ease. \u8220\'93The Toot is something of a bubble \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  most of the Americans and all of the foreign students come from pretty elite backgrounds. Most of them would share your preconceptions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But not you?\u8221\'94 she asked, her thoughts saying she wanted to unlearn her prejudice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I went to UMass, the college run by the state. It\u8217\'92s a good school, but it\u8217\'92s for the foot soldiers \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  when you get out, you go into teaching, or city government. Or coding, or managing a small biomanufacturing team, or triage officer at a clinic. You\u8217\'92re not likely to become a banker or a high level manager. Hell, you probably won\u8217\'92t even be a software architect, a bio research team leader, or something like that unless you get a bit lucky or are just surprisingly brilliant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you are so smart,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 he smiled. \u8220\'93Got it from my dad. My father was one of the last of the old-time coders. He could actually write thousands of lines of code, create whole applications. Back then, they had huge libraries of functions and components. He knew half a dozen different ones like the back of his hand. He worked on the big power grid renewal projects, after the Hackalypse exposed how weak the old grid was. He spent about 10 years doing that. By the time I was in high school, when he was done, the first tech like CodeEngine was coming out. He knew nothing of that. He couldn\u8217\'92t get a job for two years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What did you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, my mom was still teaching, so we had a little money coming in. I had a bunk bed from when my older brother was younger, and we rented the top bunk out to various people, which helped a bit. But eventually we had to move to a smaller apartment. And then we had to go on Min.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Min?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Minimum Standard Living Allowance. Basically, the government pays you to eat and sleep if you can avoid breaking the law.  And then my Dad  taught himself how to install solar panels and moved off to Oregon, so we got off that. I\u8217\'92d already been accepted at UMass so I stayed behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She stared off to the side, taking it all in. He could feel her wrestling with this new information, trying to put it into some context that made sense to her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I have not lived in a bubble as much as you think I have. Maybe someday I will explain that. But clearly, more than I thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No worries.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, it is a worry. Lies, so many lies. In science, we know everything we believe is both right and not fully right, and we are always looking for something more true. And sometimes, we foolishly think the whole world works that way. And then someone has to slap us and show us the lies in front of us. Anyway, thank you for telling me that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could feel a mountain of sadness and anger in her, something in her past. In her homeland.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I just wanted you to understand that you don\u8217\'92t have to worry about me getting too involved,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I know I\u8217\'92m a guest. It\u8217\'92s a great project, I really enjoy it. But I know it will end, and I\u8217\'92ve always known that. But this is the most meaningful work I\u8217\'92ve done yet and I want to contribute. If you don\u8217\'92t tell me what this is really about, I can\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s what Roshi explained \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that we\u8217\'92re trying to recreate the evolution of society through simulations so that we can understand what the most important variables are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But nothing we\u8217\'92ve tried has worked. Not even close.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not your fault,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Think about how we have structured it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve tried giving the players more food, less food, more education, less education. Health, housing. I don\u8217\'92t feel like we\u8217\'92ve missed much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But we have,\u8221\'94 she said. Suddenly, her thoughts flashed in front of him \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  an image of a lone Paleolithic hunter, then a group of them. Then a woman struggling to plug a hole in her grass hut as flood waters rushed in, then an image of a tribe all pushing logs together across a rising stream.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What? Behaviour?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, very good. Listen, you don\u8217\'92t have the full picture. Do you know who is funding our work?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, actually. I never thought about it. I just thought, well, the Toot does stuff like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, they do,\u8221\'94 she smiled. \u8220\'93But most of the research here has some kind of corporate or government funding to it. We are not doing science for science sake, as an old phrase went. We are doing science for someone\u8217\'92s sake. In this case, it\u8217\'92s the Reagan Institute.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Never heard of them. What\u8217\'92s their deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Their deal is to keep free market capitalism alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I thought it was already dead,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t we move on after the Crash of \u8216\'9137 to social capitalism? We have the Min, and Basic Home, Health and Education and Workforce Entry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And yet here we are, sitting across from a former slum where now highly educated youth struggle to pay the rent, as you have now informed me. One of the advantages of being in the bubble, as you call it, is that people find it necessary to speak a little more openly to their fellow bubble residents. What do you think governs just how Min and Basic social capitalism is for those who depend on it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see where your heading,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. The elite do. They\u8217\'92re not giving it all up just because some person got elected president by promising a new day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And the elite fund things like the Reagan Institute which tries to scope out policies that will keep the poor from revolting while still allowing the elite to retain and grow their wealth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And why do they care about the evolution of civilization?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, they could give a flying fuck about the evolution of civilization,\u8221\'94 she said, with more bitterness than he had expected. \u8220\'93This project has a hidden agenda \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  what is the minimum level of resources that the minimum number of people will require from, as they see it, the wealthy, or more accurately, the worthy, in order to keep society from collapsing? At the end of the day, all the wealthy conceded from the \u8216\'9137 debacle was that they had to give some ground. Like the man who finds out that he can still rape women, but must be satisfied  with only one or two victims a day. And not expecting them to smile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And then announces that the threat of mass rape has ended,\u8221\'94 he said, wondering if she was speaking from personal experience.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, my smart friend, exactly. So what we have been doing is seeing what happens if you cut calories by 20%, or reduce family allowances to tilt toward just 1child, and so on. Roshi actually believed that we could learn about human society this way. But Roshi is not a computational person. She came from the qual side and doesn\u8217\'92t see why this won\u8217\'92t work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I don\u8217\'92t understand either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll try and explain. Think about astronomy in the Renaissance. You started, in 1300, with Europeans believing that Sun revolved around the Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And then Copernicus disproved that and showed the Earth revolved around the Sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, not exactly. What Copernicus actually did was to take ancient Greek ideas about the planets moving in perfect circles and make the Earth move in a perfect circle around the Sun, inside a perfect sphere. He wasn\u8217\'92t so sure about the other planets, though, and he and the rest of the scientific community \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they called themselves natural philosophers back then \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  played with all of these variants. What if the outer planets moved around the Earth, or inside other polygons, and so on. The point is, their model of planetary motion was missing the most essential element: what makes the planets move at all, and in the way they do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, Newton figured that out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mostly, yes, and almost 300 years after Copernicus.  And then Einstein made it true on the scale of the universe. In the meantime, none of their existing astronomical models \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  simulations, if you will \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  explained the known past, the present, or the near future of the planets. Things you could see with your own eyes \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the coming of spring, a lunar eclipse, the rising and setting of Mars \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  these could not be accurately accounted for in their sims. Nonetheless, they kept tinkering \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  adding a little here and a little there. Until Newton saw that it was all governed by underlying, universal forces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s what we\u8217\'92re missing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your simulation code, at our direction, is basically a long equation that that\u8217\'92s something like ax + by + cz, with many more variables. When our subjects play it, we see what happens when we make \u8220\'93a\u8221\'94 bigger, or \u8220\'93c\u8221\'94 negative. But the relationships between x and y and z stay the same. If society really worked that way, we would have proved it already. But it doesn\u8217\'92t. Because we\u8217\'92re asking the wrong questions. Actually, we\u8217\'92re being paid to ask the wrong questions, because those are the questions our sponsors want answered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you want to know what\u8217\'92s the gravity of social evolution?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! Exactly. We want to give Reagan some answer, but their whole question is flawed. So we\u8217\'92ll hack something out of the data and it will be years before they realize it\u8217\'92s meaningless. But Jim and I desperately want to advance the question in a big way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So how do we do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This time her smile was actually happy. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d never ask,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93We need you to hide certain dynamics in the code, and then show us how to run the game so that we can satisfy the grant, but also do what we want. And Roshi can\u8217\'92t know, much less the RI guys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You understand that every game I build is just a projection of dynamics on to a set of contraints?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. What do you mean by that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Every day at my usual job I take a game engine that takes input, puts it through some algorithms, and then feeds it to game rules, which then feed it back to a visualization engine. And I hook it up to different customers\u8217\'92 game rules and visualization engines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re saying that the input, the data normalization algorithms, the game rules and the visualization are all separable?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now who\u8217\'92s the smart kid? They are already separated. There\u8217\'92s no reason why I can\u8217\'92t  feed the normalized data through two sets of rules \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  yours and theirs. We can store your game rule output and then you and Jim can run the vids after hours and see what you can see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s fantastic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You should have asked me sooner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I can see that now.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They agreed he would spend the next month working day and night to build the second set of rules and the plumbing to run two sims off of one data set and deliver two outputs. One would be for Reagan, one for Elise and Jim. Elise assured him she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d handle Roshi and smooth it out. Once he had completed the code, they\u8217\'92d do a short QA cycle. Then he could go off while they had people come in and play the games. Some would see the Reagan output, some would see the real output, but they\u8217\'92d get usable data from both. When he got back, they move on to the final phase of fine tuning the game based on what they\u8217\'92d learned from the new rules.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later, he found Lina. It was late there, but she had been waiting for him. She hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t expected that he would be able to pull this off so soon, but she was more than excited to hear that he would be there soon. And she wanted to know more about this sim; it meshed with things she had observed in Dabaab. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Funny how this is working out,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93We were two kids scruffling to find a place, and then we were driftwood washed up on an island. And now we\u8217\'92re head-skyping about shit that\u8217\'92s all cutting edge. And we\u8217\'92re on that edge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to be amazed when you get here,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like visiting the future.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As long as we don\u8217\'92t have to visit the past.\u8221\'94}}