{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri Light;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red91\green155\blue213;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \keepn\fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Chapter <$n>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Anatope and Hanakori discuss their progress and strategy. Hanakori begins by telling Anatope how important it is to manage their follow conspirators.  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Anatope, you and I understand our true nature and that of species in general. As we draw closer to success, we will need to be ever more vigilant to manage our brothers. The quest that has taken us this close to success on E12 and our vision to establish a higher order among all species will be challenged by our own limitations. This is what has held back the Ranoldi evolution and that of others\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 this fear of achieving true control of our universe. Through e12 we will finally rid ourselves of doubts that we have artfully disguised as some type of altruistic vision among all species. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So what are you suggesting Hanakori? I share your concern but feel that we must count on our fellow conspirators if we are to succeed. Look at the technical progress that Putnomo has made.\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 And that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s exactly the paradox Anatope. The closer we get to our ultimate vision\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 to this higher order and new relationships, the more even our high capacity brothers might start to waiver. Petty jealousies like I have detected recently can lead to our undoing.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 By the way, I just received an urgent encrypted message from Levilon saying that he wants to share something. This is what worries me. We need our fellow brothers but can we really count on them to make the right decisions and to stay strong? Yes we recruited them because they stood our as un-poisoned by the ridiculous Ranoldi credo. And yes, each brings a clear capacity. BUT\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85\u8230\'85I still worry.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Anyway, I will follow up with Levilon. I assume that his little committee has come up with something. I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ll let you know.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 In the meantime I want you to spend even more time with Putnomo. Is it really possible that we are within let\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s say 20 Ronaldi years of success? Think about it Anatope. No more fear of an uncertain future. Our ability to provide order and meaning to the universe; to save other species from having to navigate the great unknown. You and I\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and others of course once things settle\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 will be able to make decisions for the common good. For the good of the universe!  It\u8217\'92s truly a remarkable point in time.   }
\par\pard\plain \keepn\fi288\sa160\sl259\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs32\b0\i0\cf3}