{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Not so sweet sixteen<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 New Kendall, MA\line January 17, 2099<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2>Mik watched the sunrise through his bedroom window. Here in New Kendall, fourteen floors up, perched on top of Arlington Heights, he could see reddening clouds splashed across the horizon. It was still dark enough that he couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t make out the barge cranes in the water around the big skyscrapers in Boston. It was his birthday today, the last of the century, and he hadn\u8217\'92t been able to sleep all night. Sixteen years old now, he would leave school in a few months to be assigned whatever work was next on the list. Maybe he\u8217\'92d be down there on the barges, programming the robot cranes to disassemble the Hancock or the Dalton before their water-logged lower stories collapsed and they came crashing down, push tons of water further inland. Maybe he\u8217\'92d be working in the greenhouses up here on the Heights. Or be shipped out somewhere else to bring home credits for New Kendall. Whatever it was, he was excited at the prospect of jumping the wall of this suffocating enclave.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It was only a little after 6 AM on this Saturday but he knew he wouldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t get back to sleep. He walked quietly to the kitchen and scooped a handful of breakfast mix from the big tub on the counter. He sprinkled some caffeine dust into a cup of water, swirling it until it was properly mud brown.  He was just about to turn his Voice on to listen to some music when his mom walked in.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The birthday boy himself,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93You know, I got some real coffee for you for your birthday. You can have it now or later, your call.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, thanks, mom,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I already had some of this, though. Waste not, want not, right? Tomorrow would be great, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, and you\u8217\'92ll have the day off tomorrow, so you can enjoy it at your leisure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He wanted to skip school today but he was on thin ice there. He needed to keep his nose clean or he might be shown the gate before graduation. His parents had already used up most of their social credits keeping him inside the walls. It would come down to letting him fail or all three of them losing their place here. He knew they couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t even imagine life outside of the protective arms of the New Kendall Corp. They had been in the original DigiBrands crew that had moved from old Kendall before it had become harbor bottom. He resigned himself to a dreary day, hoping to grab a little joy afterward with his tribe.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So how are you feeling about turning 16?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He shrugged. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, mom. Too many things up in the air just now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it will be a new century soon and I think that will bring new hope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik studied his breakfast mix intently. Hope was the new religion in his parent\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s generation and sometimes there was no point in contradicting their faith.  \u8220\'93Yeah, I guess you\u8217\'92re right. Just got to get through the next few months.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He hurried through the rest of his breakfast, hoping to leave before his dad woke and joined the attempt to cheer him up about the future. He made a vague excuse to his mother about how he had to leave for school early.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be home regular time?\u8221\'94 Mom asked. \u8220\'93We have a little something special for the occasion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, but I\u8217\'92m going out later with my friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He turned and walked out the door before she could voice her disappointment. The older he got, it seemed, the clingier his parents became.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He walked down the Park Street hill toward Mass Ave, which had been the main drag in these parts forever. The waters would never come this far. If he really squinted hard, he might be able to see some of the vast marshlands still expanding around the edges of the Mystic Lakes a few miles east where there had once been prized waterfront homes and even a marina. Looking right on Mass Ave., small columns of smoke now dotted the horizon here and there, campfires marking the tent cities where the dispossessed lived around the edges on the other side of the newly expanded Alewife Brook. There, on the other side of New Kendall\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s patchwork of walls, bridge checkpoints, and river patrols, would be where he would wind up if he wasn\u8217\'92t careful. There, in what was left of Cambridge and Somerville, it was every man for himself.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 At least, that was what he had been told. Tiffany and Larry had come up here when he was a small baby, after a whole series of glacial melts had finally overwhelmed the sea walls for good and drowned the old Kendall Square that had been their home and livelihood. Like all the other kids up in the Heights, he had been on school tours in armored buses that gave them an hour\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s worth of viewing of the hell that awaited them if they were not diligent and compliant. Many of the main streets were half choked by squatter\u8217\'92s camps, soldiers with serious arms guarded some of the areas that were so far unaffected, the smell of campfires and garbage was unavoidable. Schools were much more informal and occasional down there. Kids his age roamed the streets. They looked up at him and his classmates in their fortified buses with unflinching, clear eyes. He could never tell whether they were angry, amused or merely curious.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He turned his back on all that, going left up the hill on Mass Ave., walking up a few blocks toward his school, housed in an old grocery store. With the breakdown of supply chains, these super-sized stores that had dominated in his grandparent\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s day were no longer viable. There were impromptu markets set up in the big field up on the hill when big shipments of food or other goods came in. It was all needed, and right away. So the building had been turned into a community center, with a school occupying a good part of it. It was nearly 8 AM and kids were milling about waiting for the doors to open. He could see some of his friends.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing here?\u8221\'94 his buddy Junior asked. \u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d be home doing birthday stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Like what?\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93Looking on the net at old baby pictures with my folks? No thanks. Anyway, I\u8217\'92m on the edge with school. I need to finish up and get out of this dump.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Amen to that,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93We still going out tonight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely. Already told my mom not to expect me to hang around all night. Cake and run!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 A little bell rang in his Voice. Time to get to class. First period was Geoengineering, mandatory for seniors.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93On your way to Gee, Oh, No Worries?\u8221\'94 It was Nila.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He laughed. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that\u8217\'92s about it, I guess. \u8216\'91By 2110, millions and millions of mirrors will be orbiting the Earth, reflecting the sunlight back and lowering the temperature. The future is bright, er, dark, er a reflection of, oh, I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Right, the bright dark future. Can\u8217\'92t wait!,\u8221\'94 she shot back.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He was about to keep the joke going when he remembered her mom was in Sec. You wanted to watch what you said around Secs. Although they had been hanging out a bit recently, he still wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t sure where she fit in all that. Lots of Sec kids hated New Kendall, but some just said they did to avoid being avoided. Some were really gung ho, too. But it was the sneaky ones who would pass on anything you said that wasn\u8217\'92t hopeful enough, or loyal enough, or one of the many other virtues you were supposed to cultivate in New Kendall. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You seem thoughtful today,\u8221\'94 she said at his silence.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, just sleepy. And dreading tonight. Family birthday party.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, gak! Makes you want to never get older.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That and worrying about what work detail I am going to get,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They had reached the classroom, just in time. Another bell in their ears meant class was about to start. He scurried to his seat. Mr. Leonard already had a bunch of diagrams up on the big vid screen.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Settle down, we have a lot to cover,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve sent you all the materials, so you can review them on you Books later. Right now I want your undivided attention to what I\u8217\'92ve put on the board.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Which was some insane scheme to convert the heat in the hottest places to electricity to run cooling machines to lower the temperature. His dad had worked on that project and he knew it was a total failure. The coolers also generated heat and in the end, the best that could be said was that if the wind blew the right way, the temperature would just stay the same. Why was Leonard droning on about how it was promising and they should keep their eyes on it? So typical. Everything was just around the corner, a few years away, you\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92ll see, it will all be a pleasant surprise. He bet that he wasn\u8217\'92t the first senior to hear that racket.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Then Leonard paused, as if he was having a stroke or something. After a bit, he resumed motion, like his heart had been restarted.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Listen up, guys. We had a lesson planned for today, but we\u8217\'92re getting weather reports indicating a big storm brewing out at sea. So I\u8217\'92m afraid this is turning from geoengineering to flood control. Everybody is to assemble outside and get your assignments.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nila gave him a \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93what the fuck\u8221\'94 look. He shrugged, having no idea what the fuck was going on. They all trudged into the field behind the school, pulling up their hoods against the rain, which was already more than a misting. A Sec officer he hadn\u8217\'92t seen before was talking.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93OK, kids, we\u8217\'92re going to do something different today,\u8221\'94 she said, as if they were going to try skydiving or a new dance step. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re all going to go down to the river\u8217\'92s edge and help out with work there. Some of you will be reinforcing the levees along the Alewife. The older kids will be helping Security fortify the bridge crossings into Cambridge. If there\u8217\'92s a big storm surge, we may have a lot of unwanted visitors trying to reach higher ground. So plan on a long night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Groans went up around the room. Saturday might be a school day, but Saturday night was usually theirs to do all the things teenagers usually wanted to do. From past experience they knew that these storm details could last far into the night. All the older kids trudged over to one corner of the field to get their assignments. One of the Secs who was always around the school, Granger, was waving to them to gather around him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 As they did, they were enveloped by the sound of the sky ripping open as lightning exploded very nearby. The wind was picking up, driving the increasing rainfall nearly sideways at them. This must be the edge of the worst of the storm, he thought. Rumors were already flying about what they could expect in the next few hours.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, listen up.\u8221\'94 Granger said. \u8220\'93You all know there\u8217\'92s a big storm coming. Behind us, the Heights are safe, too high to worry about the storm surge. All around us, New Kendall is protected by water. From the ocean all the way west to Belmont, there\u8217\'92s only one way into New Kendall from the drowned lands, and that\u8217\'92s this bridge. During a storm, no one crosses it unless we say so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the big deal?\u8221\'94 asked Nila.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The big deal is that in the next 24 hours, a few thousand people are going to get washed out of their campsites. They\u8217\'92re going to look for new ground, for food, for anything they can grab. Some of them will go to the high spots on the other side, but those are already pretty crowded and unfriendly. What we call the Buffer Zone at that end of Broadway and Mass Ave they may think of as fresh dry land for a new home. They\u8217\'92ll want in. And once they\u8217\'92re in, they\u8217\'92ll want to stay, and they\u8217\'92ll want our houses, our food, and whatever else. Maybe you spend a lot of time on the net and you believe all that empathy bullshit. One night with these people will cure you of that. It\u8217\'92s the survival of the fittest for the next day. For longer than that, but you\u8217\'92ll find that out eventually.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2>Mik had been assigned to a group of about a dozen kids who were supposed to work with Sec down by the river. So far, they had just been shlepping sand bags around. It was almost 2 now but it was nearly dark. The sun was still somewhere in the sky, but the wind had picked up and clouds were rolling in swiftly from the east. The temperature had dropped to an unseasonably cold low 30s. Granger had called them all to the command tent at the North Union park.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good work, guys, we\u8217\'92ve got everything in place. We\u8217\'92re hearing from that the storm has already started up in Gloucester, so it won\u8217\'92t be long before it rolls in. The State Police don\u8217\'92t have much left in them, but they do have a barracks up in Gloucester, and they\u8217\'92re telling us it\u8217\'92s going to be worse than we thought. Storm surge is going to be higher than 8 feet, winds are going to be in the 60-90 mile an hour range. Our own satellite feeds confirm that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What about our families?\u8221\'94 asked a kid Mik didn\u8217\'92t know.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll be fine, son,\u8221\'94 Granger said. \u8220\'93The only issue is the winds, and the auto storm shutters will soon be activated up in the Heights. The best thing you can do for them is make sure this crossing isn\u8217\'92t breached.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Granger made a bunch of mumbo jumbo assignments to the cops that Mik couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t understand. A sergeant named Wong grabbed their work detail and they walked down Broadway toward the checkpoint. Before, the Sec guys had been lifting sand bags, hammering wood together, hardening the normal checkpoint that was the only way in from the south. Now they had put down the construction tools and were crouched behind the barricades, combat vests on, rifles and machine pistols in hand. The kids all milled around, not wanting to get too close to a bunch of armed cops.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell are we doing here?\u8221\'94 Mik asked Junior. \u8220\'93Are we supposed to fight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Maybe that\u8217\'92s why we did the rifle drills in gym?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Sergeant Wong motioned toward the high school kids. They shuffled over toward him, bent into the rising wind.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got a little while until things are likely to kick off here. What we need you kids to do is be our eyes and ears. We\u8217\'92re in touch with units at the Mass Ave observation post, and at the end of Route 2 near Spy Pond. Normally, we run drones all along the water to spot people trying to cross in boats or swim. You\u8217\'92d think no one would try that in a surge, but you\u8217\'92d be wrong. But we won\u8217\'92t be able to keep the drones up in this wind. So we\u8217\'92re going to pair you up and give each pair a radio and binos.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t we just use our Voice to reach you?\u8221\'94 Nila asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely not, for two reasons. One, this ain\u8217\'92t no joke. If you\u8217\'92re on your Voice, you\u8217\'92re not going to be paying attention and that could cost you your life. Two, the net could easily crash during this storm. So take the godamm thing out of your ear, find something waterproof to wrap it in, and keep this radio close at all times.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nila looked like she wanted to shoot something back, but settled for an exasperated sigh. The other kids were paying a lot of attention to their feet, trying to keep fear off their faces. Waterproofing their Voices meant only one thing: they wanted to be able to locate their bodies if they drowned and were stuck underwater.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Wong gave Mik and Junior their gear and sent them off to the abandoned biolab building on just off Mass Ave. The front side of it was half a block from the water, but it was three stories tall. They climbed up a series of metal rungs stuck in the back wall. From the roof, they had a great view of the area between the two Sec checkpoints. The sun still glowed on the western horizon, but to the east, black clouds lit by occasional lightning tarred the whole sky and they were moving toward them. The winds were beginning to lift dust and debris from the ground. Junior pointed to a small booth on the other side of the roof.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We can hide behind that if the wind gets really bad,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik nodded absently, his eyes scanning past the Alewife. The streets were dark and empty \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  few streetlights worked in the drowned lands and it was not a night for e-skeeters or any of the other myriad battery driven personal transportation options. From his apartment, he could always see dotted campfires all along North Cambridge. From here, he could see the people around them, small groups scurrying to erect makeshift barriers. One group was pushing a long-dead car over toward their fire, angling the vehicle to be on the east side to give them shelter from the wind. Over toward the drowned Mass Ave. Bridge, people were moving toward a whole deserted neighborhood. The homes had long been stripped of wood or other burnable materials, but some still had brick or concrete shells that might give shelter in a storm.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Poor bastards,\u8221\'94 Junior said, noticing the same scene.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik wanted to say something like \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93serves them right\u8221\'94 but he couldn\u8217\'92t remember why it did. \u8220\'93Glad that\u8217\'92s not us,\u8221\'94 he replied.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Will be if you don\u8217\'92t graduate,\u8221\'94 Junior teased. \u8220\'93Or if we get taken prisoner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that would suck. If that happens, please do not tell them your name is Elonmusk Railford Jr. If they don\u8217\'92t shoot you on the spot, they\u8217\'92ll mock you to death.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me about it. Even my dad thinks it was a mistake. Not his fault, I guess, that his parents worshipped Mars Man. Or that he was born right after Musk died and all his fanboys and fangirls like my grandparents were out of their minds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, there\u8217\'92s lots of Elonmusks in his generation \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  must have been mass psychosis. Should have died out with the Mars colony, but here you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if they torture you to find out my real name, then tell them. I can take the mockery. Used to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Their banter was interrupted by explosive lightning and thunder. The winds had picked up, bringing the edge of the rain. The ran to the small booth for cover. They opened a half-rotten door. There was a concrete landing and then a stairway that descended into who knows what. They huddled on the landing as the rains now came hard. In the dark, with the incessant pounding of the rain and the walls shaking from the howling winds, they lost track of time\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s passage. After what seemed like an hour, the radio crackled, startling them.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It was Sergeant Wong.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Mik, Junior, report.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re pinned down on the roof, sarge. It\u8217\'92s howling up here, we\u8217\'92re stuck inside a little shack on the roof.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well get your ass out there, and tell me what you see. I want reports every 15 minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik and Junior rolled eyes at each other.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, sarge, will do,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll get right back to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take this one, Junior. You get next.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He stuck his head out of the door. The rain was fierce, coming down at a 45 degree angle now. He pulled the hood of his jacket up over his head, cinching it tight around his face. He noticed that the wall of the building stuck up a couple of feet at the edge of the building. He ran toward the edge and then crouched down behind the wall. He got the binos out of his jacket and looked back toward the Mass Ave. Bridge. The Alewife was raging \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  it must be high tide and the storm was pushing the river backwards, water gushing out across North Cambridge.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He tried to find the areas where he had seen people before. Some were still there, huddled inside the old houses. But he couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t find the fields where he had seen the old cars \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  in that direction, everything was wet and shiny, reflecting what little light there was. No more fires. And then he noticed one of the cars. The top of its wheels were barely out of the water, which was swirling all around it. All the people had fled, but he couldn\u8217\'92t see to where. He looked a little further east. There was a hill, islanded by the Alewife to the north and the drowned fields to the west. Dozens of people were crowded in what remained of an old parking lot. At last, something he could tell Wong.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He ran back to the hut and radioed it in. Wong was concerned.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Keep an eye on that hill, Mik,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I need to know if it gets too crowded up there, or the water is going to trap them up there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, will do. We\u8217\'92ll call back in another 15 minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Junior looked confused.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Why does Wong want to know that? Does he want us to rescue them?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I don\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d want us. Maybe they\u8217\'92d find a way to get the supplies. Does Cambridge still have a city governor? Maybe they\u8217\'92re in touch with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, maybe. I don\u8217\'92t really know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Weird, isn\u8217\'92t it? We live a mile from them and we don\u8217\'92t even know if they have a government anymore. But we know about New Kendall colonies all around the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Mik, do you think it was always like this? I mean, back when it was Arlington and it was all part of Massachusetts and the United States. Were we like almost at war with them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, it couldn\u8217\'92t have been. I mean, old Kendall was in Cambridge, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They sat silently, each pondering their own personal fog about exactly how it was that they came to be sitting on a roof top in a storm, spying on fugees across a raging river. Eventually the noise distracted them. They were getting wet too \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the wind was gale force now, driving water through the cracks in the door. They took turns spying, but it was getting harder and harder to see. Mik snuck his Voice in for a minute. It was after 6 PM. He\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d forgotten about his parents. Hopefully the school had let them know what was going on.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It was his turn again. He could barely move against the wind now, the rain like needles driving into his face. The binos were useless. He let his eyes adjust to the dark and scanned the hill where the fugees had massed. Just in the half hour their numbers had increased dramatically. Water was rising from the bottom, maybe from the side he couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t see. They were going to run out of room soon.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 A glint caught his eye. Some fugees had found a small spit of deserted street that went right up to the drowned bridge. From somewhere, they had found an old dead truck with a flat bed and bare metal ribs where there used to be sides. They were pushing it toward the bridge. Why the hell were they pushing a truck into the water? And then he understood.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The bridge was underwater, but not that far. Before it had been abandoned, the city had tried to build it higher. Over on Broadway, that had worked better \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the Cambridge side had a hill. But here on Mass Ave. It was flat and the geometry only permitted a little elevation. In the end, the river was only two feet deep there on a normal day.  So if they got the truck on to the bridge, some of the truck would be out of the water, at least if the current didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t wash it away. But why?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He ran back to the shack and told Wong.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good work, Mik. I\u8217\'92ll take it from here \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  we\u8217\'92ll reinforce the checkpoint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But what are they doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93They tried this once before. They\u8217\'92re going to try and run zip lines to and from the truck so that people can zip down from that street they\u8217\'92re crowded on to the truck, and then from there to the roof of the old abandoned hotel on our side. After that, they\u8217\'92ll try disappear into New Kendall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, that makes sense. I think they\u8217\'92re scared the water is going to get to them on the hill. It\u8217\'92s not that big a hill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, they\u8217\'92re not coming into New Kendall. Anyway, I don\u8217\'92t think we\u8217\'92ll need your reconnaissance for awhile. Stay dry!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik looked at Junior, whose face said he was feeling about the same. Rescue was not what Wong was planning. Something messed up was about to happen.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t just sit here,\u8221\'94 Junior said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What can we do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe nothing, but at least we\u8217\'92ll know what actually happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik nodded. They both knew the Sec guys would never tell what really happened if it got ugly.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They waited a few minutes and ran to the building\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s edge. Wong had been right. A couple of  fugees had already strung a thick rope from a big tree up on the hill they were stranded on down to the truck and tied it to the top of the bare metal frame. One person rode the line down to the truck. From somewhere, they had gotten a home-made crossbow. Mik could see now that it was a woman. She aimed the crossbow exactly where Wong had predicted and shot. He couldn\u8217\'92t see the arrow, but it was carrying a line with it. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The line arced in the air toward the building, but a gust of wind knocked it down. The woman reeled it back in and tried again. After three tries, the line stuck. She yanked on it, testing it, pulling it taut and tying off on the truck\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s skeletal frame. She attached a caribiner to the line and was about to haul herself up on to it when a bullhorn barked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Stand down! You are not authorized to cross into New Kendall. Go back and we will not harm you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She stared toward the sound. If she replied, they couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t hear it. Mik imagined her standing there, having made it through the wind and water, now to hear that her biggest obstacle would not be the storm, but people. He saw the waters swirling around the truck, rising up the streets around the small hill she had come from. She looked around, weighing her options. And then, with a single movement, she leapt up on to the line she had strung, head toward New Kendall, feet looped up on the Cambridge side, and began moving toward New Kendall. She pulled her feet toward her head, then extended her hands outward to move, repeating that motion and slowly crawling on the rope toward New Kendall.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Junior nudged him, \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Over there!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 On their side of the river, between the water and the old hotel, about two dozen Secs had fanned out in a line. They were clumped in groups of four, all with rifles at the ready. One of the Secs closest to the bridge ran toward it, hurling something and immediately looped back to where he had come from. A flare burst in the air above the bridge, bright even in the rain. The light seemed to freeze the woman on the rope. She jerked and lost her grip, dropping on to the roof of the truck cab. She slid down behind it. They could see her, but she would be hidden from the Secs.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik pulled out the binos and focused in on her. She was holding her arm.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93They shot her, right?\u8221\'94 Junior asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik nodded, as if saying it would make it worse.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93This is all going to shit,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93Look up that hill \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  they know she\u8217\'92s been shot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik felt something in the air, as if the rain was now angry at them. Dozens of people were running toward the river. He saw a few stagger. The Secs must be picking them off. The storm was so loud he couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t hear the shots, but he had little doubt that was what he was seeing. But the fugees were determined and kept coming. They weren\u8217\'92t going to crawl out on the zip line, but they each had thrown their own line up over it and hooked themselves to it. It was just what they had drilled in school about how to  wade out into fast moving water to rescue someone.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 By now, a handful of people  reached the truck. The first ones tended to the wounded woman, but the rest stayed at the back, and they began to push the vehicle. As there numbers grew, the truck began to inch forward. One of the Secs shot a flare high into the air. It burned just bright enough in the dense rain to illuminate what had now become quite a crowd at the back, backs bent into the truck. Mik could see their faces, frozen in the light like one of those big old fashioned paintings. Sec was back on the bullhorn, warning them not to move further, but he could see they had chosen their path and it was forward.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They could hear on their radio that Sec was trying to shoot out the tires on the truck. He could see silent little geysers as the bullets hit the water around the tires, black puffs when they hit, and sparks when they hit the metal rim. But by now, there were enough people pushing it that it didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t matter.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And then the gunfire was deafening, a sharp, explosive sound. One of the Sec groups had a machine gun mounted on the back of small truck. It was firing repeated short bursts. Each crack of the gun on their left was followed by a few fugees on their right falling. Some hung on to the ropes they had tied to the zip line, some couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t and were quickly swept toward them on the river. He heard Junior swearing but he couldn\u8217\'92t take his eyes off. More fugees rushed down into the water behind the truck, pushing it faster. It looked like they might make it across after all.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And then the staccato cracks of the machine gun turned into high-pitched whine, like some kind of power saw. The gun swept back and forth across the truck and the crowd behind it. In only a few seconds, twenty or thirty people dropped into the water, so many that the current couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t just sweep them away. Those not shot tried to pull some of the wounded away, but between the gunfire and the current, they had no chance. They scurried back up the hill, running into an abandoned building where they would no longer be visible targets.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik and Junior ran back into their shed, shivering and too shocked to speak. Hours later, Wong told all the students to assemble at the Broadway checkpoint, the worst of the storm had passed and trucks would take all the students home. On the truck ride back, some of the kids were hyped about the storm, some bored, and some quiet. He could see in those quiet faces that he and Junior had not seen an isolated incident. And he knew that his face was sending the same message: don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t ask.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It was near midnight when he got home. The power was out. He got to his door with little memory of walking the fourteen flights. He opened the door to hear the sound of wind, which at some point had driven a stray branch through the living room window. Everything in front of the window was wet and disheveled. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Thank god you\u8217\'92re ok,\u8221\'94 his dad said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll heat up some food for you,\u8221\'94 his mom said. \u8220\'93We can still celebrate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Celebrate what?\u8221\'94 he wanted to know.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Your birthday, Mik!\u8221\'94 his dad said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s still your birthday. Just give me a minute \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  I was just about to put up some plastic on the broken window.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He wanted to scream, to pick up everything that was trashed on the floor and throw it out the window. And he wished he could plug his memory into the monitor on the wall and let them see and hear those machine gun bursts and the bodies slumping into the water, pinwheeling away into the dark. And maybe worst, the fugees running back up the street that was filling with water. He hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t had the guts to look after that, to see what had become of them, down there where there weren\u8217\'92t fourteen flights of stairs to walk up to a mostly dry apartment. He wanted them all to stand there and watch it and then tell him that anyone should be celebrating another year of this, of graduating into a world like that, where maybe he would be assigned to Sec and get to shoot the next group of desperate fugees. How had he not understood all along that this was the world they were always pushing him toward? And did they understand that, or were they just drugged by fear and small favors that they never had the guts to really look at what was going on?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, thanks,\u8221\'94 he mumbled. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been a rough night. Maybe tomorrow?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And he went into his room and closed the door before they could answer.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}