{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Three nights later, Salmerikon came to her quarters. She reshaped the entrance room, and an extra chair extended from the floor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I've been waiting to ask you what the galaxy was going on at the last ambassador's meeting," she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "'What the galaxy?'" he smiled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh sorry. I got that from the People, sort of. When they feel strongly about something, they invoke grand forces of nature or their deities. They say things like "what on earth" or "what the hell" is going on. I guess in my own mind, I've started saying "what the galaxy" since the galaxy is kind of our world, if you want to look at it that way. It just made me realize that even though they can only communicate consciously through words, there is a richness to their expression that I like."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You realize that the distinction between Earth and Hell alone underlies millions of deaths on their world?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Indeed. But both words also represent their desire to find a connection not only to each other, but to something bigger than themselves. And that is strong in most of them. Some of them have amplified predator tendencies, more like the solitary hunter species that wander the ruined star clusters of Perseus. But in most of them, that solitary instinct is subordinate to their ancestral habits of large bands, and bands of bands. They are always at war with themselves, and so they are often at war with each other. Sorry, you didn't come for a lecture, I suppose. I just get lost in them sometimes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled. "Not to worry, your passion refreshes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Do you want to eat?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, in a little while. I need to tell you some things, though, about the ambassadors. And then also about us."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh. Nothing bad, I hope." He must know that her passion was not just for the People.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes and no. You know that Anatope and Hanakori have been increasingly vocal about your missions. Not just yours, either."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm not sure it's a relief to know it's not just me."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "No, it's not. Increasingly, I suspect that they have doubts about our Guardian role. This is not new among us, of course. Or even undesirable."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Doubt is the rock that purifies the water as it flows down the cliff."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 he smiled at the old proverb. \u8220\'93But I am concerned that they don't share their true doubts, nor the fullness of their thoughts."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was more serious than she had imagined. "That is\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85unfortunate. What will you do?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Nothing for now. I have shared my concerns with other pod leaders as well, and for now, we are just listening to understand what Hankori's bunch is up to."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, let's hope it dissipates.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 In her concern, she had unconsciously darkened the room. She brought up warm colors on the walls before Salmerikon noticed. \u8220\'93So what did you want to talk about as far as we are concerned?" She was trying to mask her apprehensiveness, and failing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, nothing bad. Can I take you up on that offer of food now?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She was cheered that he had chosen to eat with her. It had been thousands of years since their kind had needed to deliberately eat to survive. Their ancestors had enhanced them with a variety of autotrophic mechanisms. As long as there was any kind of ambient electromagnetic energy, they were fine. And they could survive for days on gravity alone, in the rare event they were cut off from light or other electro-magnetic radiation. Eating was now for pleasure or companionship, for honoring the ancient voices that still spoke in their cells.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She brought out some purple fruit slices, and some dried meats with microherbal implants. She thought the codes that activated them, releasing the fresh tastes of the herbs into the  meat. What the galaxy, she thought, and brought out a wine she knew he especially liked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They ate in silence, passing back and forth the wave function of their taste sensations, washing each other's minds in a bath of taste and aroma and texture. When they were done, he grasped both of her hands.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You always know how to cleanse my mind, Aleron."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm pleased you feel that way." She waited for him to speak.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Do you know how long I have been pod leader?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Since before I became an ambassador."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "It's been more than eleven centuries."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, now she understood. "You will transform soon?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not soon, but not long either. Before this century is out, I will change to a female."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You think we cannot be lovers then?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Who knows? Our hearts will go whichever way they want. Either way, we will be friends. But that is not what I wanted to talk about. It has been a long time since I fathered a child, and it would mean a great deal to me if you would join with me for that. It will be a long time into the future before I mother my own child, and I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to wait that long to be a parent again."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In only her sixth century, she had never thought much about birthing a child. Salmerikon was her first lover who had even passed into parent status.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later that night, after they had made love in their usual way, Salmerikon guided her in coupling to begin the creation process. In the next few weeks, he would nurture the egg he had fertilized and received from her. His body, with its enhanced nano gene repair tech, would remove any mistakes, correct any serious diseases, build an energy transfer layer around it and wrap it in a protective gel.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When it was done, he would return to her, and they would finish the ancient ritual of transferring the embryo to her. Then her body would take over, and grow it until it was ready to be born. The time spent in both their bodies would allow the baby to immediately join their wave function, and its connection with them would pave its entrance into their community.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She knew that there would be pain and discomfort involved for both of them. Long ago, her species had tried to abolish all that by raising children outside the body. They learned the hard way that evolution had embedded in them the physicality of creation and birth. Both for the parents and the child, there were so many unforeseen and undesirable consequences to losing that experience. So they had contented themselves with merely making it safe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the early morning hours, they smiled and sang the first songs of new parents-to-be together. To feel such a chorus for the first time was an experience worth a little discomfort.}}