{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik was somewhere between excited, exhausted and relieved after his first week in Thunberg. Excited, of course, to finally be here, in a place that was definitely not New Kendall. Exhausted from work \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  kids in New Kendall were told that the school\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s rigorous physical training would make them fit for the new world they were inheriting, but that was nothing like being fit for a new world you were creating. And mostly, relieved that he and Nila hadn\u8217\'92t made the worst decision of their lives. Things would be hard, but promising. And they wouldn\u8217\'92t have to kill people or otherwise act like total dicks. That was good enough for now. Who could see further than now, anyway?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He and Nila were still bunked in the New dormitory, awaiting their assignments. There had been an awkward moment when Ralph, their unit leader, had asked if they were a couple and wanted to bunk together. He realized that he had sort of hoped that might happen, but Nila just smiled at Ralph and said, no, just friends. She went off to the end of the building for women, he for men. At least they hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t put him with the children. Childhood seemed to end at 16 here, so he was thrown in with a dozen or so guys of various ages.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Life seemed to start early in Thunberg, but that was mostly because the days were still pretty short this far north and even if he got up at 7, it was still mostly dark. So he shuffled down the dark corridor to the dining hall, looking for Nila. They had been eating meals together, although it was starting to dawn on him that in time maybe they would each settle into new friendships. Nila, at least, was acting like that. Today, though, she was sitting by herself at the table near the corner and he grabbed some food and coffee and went over to sit with her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, don\u8217\'92t I know you from somewhere?\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t be. I\u8217\'92m from nowhere,\u8221\'94 she said. They had fallen into this silly joke on the second day and so far it was sticking.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94 he returned, having nothing really to say.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not much,\u8221\'94 she said, deciding not to mention that she had heard from Raefe. She might tell him later, out of earshot of so many people. She wasn\u8217\'92t sure what the reaction would be if others found out. \u8220\'93Ralph was here a few minutes ago. We\u8217\'92re going out to do maintenance on wind turbines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cool,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Although I have no idea what that involves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hard work, according to Ralph,\u8221\'94 Nila said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Same as everything else, then?\u8221\'94 he replied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You noticed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, everyone\u8217\'92s big on that here. But, hey, we are soft compared to them, you have to admit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Totally. But we\u8217\'92ll toughen up. No magic to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess. No harm in it either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An hour later, the sun just lighting up the landscape, they were in a group of 20 people walking up a trail to a ridgeline where a dozen turbines stood. These had no blades \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  just six-story high cylinders with vertical corkscrews inside that turned in the wind. A screened covering kept birds and small animals from getting chewed up inside. Still, some got stuck and they would have to remove them, along with leaves and sticks and whatever else got plastered to the screens. There were rungs welded onto the outside of the cylinders. Ralph divided up some of the crew into two-person teams \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  one to climb and remove debris, the other to stay just below them and collect the debris in large sacks that could be lowered to the ground, where they would be emptied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik was paired with Yohan, who seemed in his early twenties. Yohan had only been in Thunberg a few weeks more than Mik and Nila. Mik asked him what he wanted him to do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, man,\u8221\'94 Yohan said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never done this before. We were mostly tilling land before this. I guess we\u8217\'92ll figure it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So Yohan started climbing. Mik waited until he was four rungs up and followed, the long sack trailing behind. They worked slowly up, cleaning the screens. It was mostly leaves, which was fine with Mik \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he was hoping they wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have to deal with half-dead birds stuck in the screens. Soon he was lost in the rhythm of taking the hand-offs from Yohan and before he knew it, his sack was full.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yohan, relax,\u8221\'94 he called up. \u8220\'93I have to empty my bag.\u8221\'94 He clipped a carabiner to the bag and a pulley to a rung and starting lowering the rope.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wo, man,\u8221\'94 Yohan said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re pretty high up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik looked out. He hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even noticed, but they were. They had climbed maybe four or five stories already, plus they were on this high ridge. It felt like they were 20 stories up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, how about that,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s more rolling than I realized.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yohan didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything. Mik looked up to see Yohan standing stiffly on a run, clasping it tightly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You OK?\u8221\'94 he asked. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not really,\u8221\'94 Yohan said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never been up this high. I didn\u8217\'92t think I was afraid of heights, but I\u8217\'92m having trouble with this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, let\u8217\'92s go down,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93We can find something else to do, I\u8217\'92m sure. Can you make it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Yohan said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He started to lower his right foot down to the next rung but couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t bring himself to let his arms stretch to reach it. He was frozen. Mik wasn\u8217\'92t sure what to do. Ralph was down on the ground, already about 100 yards away. If he yelled, Ralph would hear. Maybe Ralph would be pissed off that they couldn\u8217\'92t figure it out by themselves. Mik decided he would try to help Yohan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t move, I\u8217\'92m coming up to help,\u8221\'94 he shouted up. He climbed up two rungs and he was just below Yohan, who was now a danger to them both.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, Yohan, here\u8217\'92s what we\u8217\'92re going to do,\u8221\'94 he said, trying to sound confident. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got this rope that you can clip to the rung. I\u8217\'92m going to clip it one rung below you and then pass the rope up. I\u8217\'92m making a big loop in it \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  put that over your head, bring it down below your arms, and then up into your arm pits. That way, if you slip, the rope will catch you after a rung or two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He reached up and handed the rope to Yohan, who was now clearly losing it. But he managed to get the rope around him and took a halting step down, and then another. He couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t manage undoing the carabiner, though. But the rungs were wide, and Mik climb past him to reach the carabiner, undo it, and go down two rungs to reclip it. They repeated this over and over, and slowly they made their way down. Mik could see that others had noticed \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  there were anxious glances their way, and Ralph was at the bottom now, craning up to see what was going on. But Mik didn\u8217\'92t tarry long looking down \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he was worried about Yohan, who was still shaking and sweating above him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, they made it to the bottom. Mik unhooked Yohan, and they slumped on the ground, exhausted. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You guys done already?\u8221\'94 Ralph asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, we had to come down,\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my fault,\u8221\'94 Yohan said. \u8220\'93I guess I kind of freaked out up there. I looked out and we were so high up. I got nervous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, alright, I guess that happens sometimes,\u8221\'94 Ralph said. \u8220\'93Take a deep breath and when you\u8217\'92re over it, give it another go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think that would be a good idea,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93He wasn\u8217\'92t kidding \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he was really having a hard time up there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A lot of things we do here are hard,\u8221\'94 Ralph said. \u8220\'93Repairing the world is hard. We all have to learn how to stretch ourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you stretch him, he\u8217\'92ll just snap,\u8221\'94 said a voice from the small crowd that had gathered. Mik recognized Nila\u8217\'92s voice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s give the guy a chance,\u8221\'94 Ralph said. \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re going to make it here, you have to push yourselves sometimes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take his place,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93He can take my job here on the ground.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks!\u8221\'94 Yohan said, gathering up his rope to give her before anyone could argue. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph looked annoyed and skeptical. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, but somewhere along the line you\u8217\'92re going to see that\u8217\'92s not the way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik was just glad that he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t going to have to be under Yohan up there again. Ralph might be pissed off, but if Yohan fell on to Mik it was the end for both of them. Nila started up the rungs and he followed behind. Neither talked much \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they just wanted to finish up and get down. Later that night, though, they went for a walk after dinner and found a secluded spot.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What the fuck happened up there?\u8221\'94 Nila wanted to know.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You saw how high we were,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93I guess Yohan was never up that high and discovered he doesn\u8217\'92t like heights. He was really freaking up there. I was scared he was going to let go and hit me on the way down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I could feel his fear when I came over. And shame,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That was good thinking, by the way, what you did. I don\u8217\'92t think I would have thought of that. Would have been nice if Ralph had recognized that you just saved at least one life. What an idiot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Maybe you have to be that way up here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know anything about what it\u8217\'92s going to be like living here yet. I\u8217\'92m just trying to give him the benefit of the doubt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very kind of you, considering he could have got you killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93True, but still,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But I definitely owe you for taking Yohan\u8217\'92s spot. Thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I just hope that sort of thing isn\u8217\'92t common around here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They walked back to the dorm and went their separate ways. But Nila was furious, still stewing inside. She had only caught a glimpse of Ralph\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s emotions during the whole incident, but she wasn\u8217\'92t happy about what she felt. Ralph was clearly more interested in how quickly they could get the whole job done, and annoyed at Yohan for slowing them down. He didn\u8217\'92t seem to care at all that Yohan was terrified and humiliated by the experience, all needlessly. That all seemed too New Kendally for comfort. Not that Thunberg wasn\u8217\'92t amazing \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  but now she was realizing that maybe all of its residents weren\u8217\'92t amazing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She debated finding Ralph and hashing it out. Maybe Mik was right \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  give him the benefit and all. Before she could make up her mind, she saw Ailyn in the doorway. Ailyn was one step up Thunberg\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s heirarchy from Ralph. His boss, Nila thought, although they didn\u8217\'92t really like that word here, or what it implied. Ailyn waved her over.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Heard you had some adventures today. I thought maybe we could go for a walk and talk about it.\u8221\'94 Nila didn\u8217\'92t get the sense that \u8220\'93No, thanks, I\u8217\'92m beat\u8221\'94 was going to be a good answer. She grabbed her coat and tagged along. Ailyn played tour guide as they walked through neighborhood, until they reached the edge of the settlement. She pointed to a path off into the brush and they headed off.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So I heard from Ralph that you two had kind of a thing out there today,\u8221\'94 Ailyn said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A thing?\u8221\'94 Nila said, trying to keep an edge out of her voice. \u8220\'93What kind of a thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A disagreement,\u8221\'94 Ailyn said. \u8220\'93Out in the field, where we try not to have those kind of things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did he tell you about Yohan?\u8221\'94 Nila asked. \u8220\'93Because that\u8217\'92s what our \u8216\'91thing\u8217\'92 was about. He could have died out there. Are you trying not to have that kind of thing out in the field, too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, ease up,\u8221\'94 Ailyn said. \u8220\'93I know you think you were right, and good for you. But you\u8217\'92re new here, and maybe you want to dial it back a bit until you get a feel for things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I don\u8217\'92t know what Ralph told you. Yohan and Mik came down from the tower and Yohan was pale and sweaty and shaking and he looked like he was going to puke. Ralph was giving him the suck it up speech, but Yohan was just blank. And Mik clearly didn\u8217\'92t want to go back up with him and have the guy fall on him and kill them both. So I volunteered to do Yohan\u8217\'92s job. I\u8217\'92d think you would be thanking me for stepping up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, yes, that was\u8230\'85I don\u8217\'92t know, brave of you. So thanks. But we don\u8217\'92t run on personal bravery here. We run on being a community that pulls together, where everyone pulls their weight, faces their fears, and does their best for everyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cool. But what are you saying, that Yohan wasn\u8217\'92t doing his best for everyone else? That he\u8217\'92s some kind of slacker who needs to grow up, or toughen up, or some kind of up? Cause all I could feel was fear of heights there. You don\u8217\'92t kick that from a pep talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When you say all you could feel, you mean you tangled with him?\u8221\'94 Ailyn asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not really,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That takes two, and I don\u8217\'92t think he can. But I don\u8217\'92t need to tangle to sense those kind of emotions \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he was broadcasting fear. I don\u8217\'92t even think you had to be an empath to see that. And Mik was right with him the whole time, and he was saying, whoa, this guy\u8217\'92s not going to make that. Ralph should have just listened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t about him or you or Yohan. It\u8217\'92s about the whole community.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what is the community without him or me or Yohan or you or any of us?\u8221\'94 she asked, starting to lose patience with Ailyn.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The community is about doing what needs to be done. We\u8217\'92re not living in a world where we have safe choices. Only the best of bad ones. The sooner you learn that, the more you\u8217\'92ll be able to contribute.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I could almost imagine my mom saying all that, Nila thought. How disappointing!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I believe in what you, what we, are trying to do here,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93But I grew up in an enclave, which isn\u8217\'92t so different than this. It had a different, completely opposite goal. But I\u8217\'92m thinking, hey, what you just said isn\u8217\'92t that different than what the bosses at New Kendall would say to us kids when they wanted us to knuckle under. Or even what they would say to our parents. I thought things would be different here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nila could feel immediately that she had just said the wrong thing. Now Ailyn was thinking that she was just a rebellious but spoiled teenager.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you don\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94 Ailyn said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I realize that came out wrong,\u8221\'94 Nila said, trying to find some common ground. \u8220\'93Look, I even get the idea that maybe along the way, saving the world and all that, some people might get hurt, some might even get killed. I took a risk going up there, didn\u8217\'92t I? But can\u8217\'92t we save that for the really big and worthwhile things? I\u8217\'92ve never noticed that the people who behave like robots are the ones who are really making a difference.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ailyn stopped walking. Nila knew she was trying to decide what to say, but wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even sure what she thought \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Nila had not dazzled her with her logic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s what I think,\u8221\'94 Ailyn said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a smart person, you want to deeply commit to things, but maybe you\u8217\'92ve also been sheltered from hard choices. So I\u8217\'92m not going to beat you up for that. I would ask that you respect our ways here for the moment. If you disagree, fine, voice it. But no more taking matters into your own hands. Yohan could have refused all on his own, and that would have been different. We find many people take weeks, even months, to get the vibe here. Some never do. So let\u8217\'92s see how that goes, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess,\u8221\'94 Nila said. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 At least she\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s not kicking me out, she thought. Mik\u8217\'92d be furious if I dragged him all the way up here and got booted practically immediately.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  She had to admit that maybe she had been sheltered from hard choices. She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d thought coming here was a pretty hard choice. But maybe when you make one hard choice, there are more to follow. \u8220\'93Yeah, let\u8217\'92s see how it goes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }}