{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Behind the curtain}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 New Kendall}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 January 18, 2099}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Mik!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It was Junior on his Voice.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What the fuck, Junior. It\u8217\'92s like 6 AM.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I know you ain\u8217\'92t slept. Meet me up by the old water tower. Half hour. We need to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, OK, see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Junior was right. Laying awake all night, replaying the whole thing, every time he closed his eyes he heard shots. Which was weird, because in the storm he hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t heard a thing. Just the awkward motions of people dropping, then realizing they had been shot. And killed? He was sure of it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He walked away from Mass Ave toward the old stone tower that had been at the top of Park Street for centuries. It was falling down now, but all the kids knew how to get inside, where there was still a room that no one could see or hear from the outside. Junior was already there.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What are we going to do?\u8221\'94 Junior asked, nervous and pacing.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do? Why do we have to do something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Because we saw it all. You think they\u8217\'92re going to let us just walk around and tell everyone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93They shot some fugees. What\u8217\'92s new? I mean, it was horrible, but not the first time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, and do you know anyone else who saw the other times?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Junior was crazing him now. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You think we\u8217\'92re in danger?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just saying, we need to think very carefully about our next moves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Next moves? This isn\u8217\'92t a vid, Junior. Our next move is to go to school tomorrow, like we would do anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, OK, maybe that\u8217\'92s a good start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t be enough,\u8221\'94 a girl\u8217\'92s voice said from the dark side of the room. Nila stepped into the light filtering in through a hole in the wall.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What the fuck, Nila,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93What are you, a spy for the Secs? You following us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, idiot,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m trying to help you. Yeah, my mom is a Sec, I know. You think the Secs want any part of me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They both laughed. If Nila wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t so wicked smart, New Kendall would have marched her across the Broadway bridge years ago.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I heard my mom talking to work,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93At least four people died out there where you were. The fugees are all up about it, they want blood. You better hope the honchos don\u8217\'92t decide you\u8217\'92ll do for a token peace offering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Would they do that?\u8221\'94 Mik asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nila shrugged. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want me to find out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re so fucked,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93What are we going to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik thought about it. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing. We keep our mouths shut. If anyone asks us what happened during the storm, we couldn\u8217\'92t see anything in the driving rain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And what about that tool, Wong?\u8221\'94 Junior asked. \u8220\'93He knows we did see it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly why he\u8217\'92s going to be happy we\u8217\'92re keeping quiet,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re just going to blame him, he doesn\u8217\'92t need any witnesses saying they weren\u8217\'92t armed, or that it was very unlikely they would have made it across the drowned bridge. I mean, it sounds ridiculous they even tried.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that could work,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s hope.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Twenty-four hours later, Mik was still walking around free. No one had put a black bag over his head and taken him to be interrogated, or whatever it was that the Secs did when you were on their shitlist. Here he was, walking around school at 10 in the morning like nothing happened. In a way, he was disappointed, a bit outraged even, that nobody was talking about any of it. Maybe they didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know about the shootings, but everyone knew the storm had been big. And most of them had heard that the waters would not be receding now that another glacier had taken a dive. He saw Nila at the other end of the hall making furtive eyeball gestures at him of the \u8220\'93come here\u8221\'94 variety, but he wanted to ignore her. Instead, she trotted over to him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s here!\u8221\'94 she said, forcing the words out between clenched teeth so that no one could hear her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The man,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93REM.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What? No \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Raefe,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Downstairs, in the Corp. office.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You saw him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not exactly, but I know he\u8217\'92s here. I think they\u8217\'92re talking about\u8230\'85what we talked about yesterday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No shit!\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Oh man, this is not going to be good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I mean, I know he\u8217\'92s super cool and all that, but this has to be trouble. I don\u8217\'92t need trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t believe everything you hear. He is cool, for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Man, I wonder what\u8217\'92s going on down there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93If we can get close, I think I can figure it out,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What, you think we can listen at the door? Oh, wait, you can\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, some. Keep it to yourself, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Completely, he thought. Now it all made sense, Nila\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude. She was an empath. The Corp. kept them out of the town \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  they needed them for certain activities (not that he knew what), but they were frowned on here in New Kendall.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My lips are sealed. How close do you have to get?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I\u8217\'92ve never been around someone like him. He can tangle with the whole world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you try here?\u8221\'94 Mik asked. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no class in that room for the next hour. I\u8217\'92m supposed to be doing independent study, so no one will miss me. You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, the same. So that works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 No one was around. They ducked in the room and took their puters out so it would like they were working. Nila sat still, her expression distant for a second, then she nodded.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Man, I can feel his mind so clearly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You can just read his thoughts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, silly. He has to let me. I let him know I was here and I wanted to listen in. He can feel I\u8217\'92m not trying to harm him. He wants kids in New Kendall to understand what\u8217\'92s going on. To understand what Everywhere is really about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 All his friends talked about this a lot. New Kendall, their parents, no one wanted to talk about Everywhere. And Raefe Epstein Miller, he was maybe like their least favorite person in the world. What was he up to? The net was full of stuff, some of it fantastic, some of it horrifying, most of it hard to know if it was true or even real. But here he was, his friend tangled up with the most famous empath in the world.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He started to ask Nila what was going on, but she waved him silent, saying just, \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They sat there for about a half hour. He watched a drama unfold on her face as she followed the action. Her expression got more serious, than angry, then determined. Finally, she looked up.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93After school. The tower. Bring Junior. Tell no one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And then she ran out, leaving him alone and confused. He still had time before his next class. He heard a commotion outside the building. He looked out the window. Half a dozen Secs were escorting an old man, two younger women and a middle-aged man down the street. Their attention was definitely on the old guy. He was thin, with tight gray curls. He was wearing old clothes. Mik realized with a start that it was REM. He had never seen a picture of him, but he hardly looked like the threat to civilization that his parents made him out to be.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He went through the rest of the day on autopilot, his head still spinning from the last few days. He hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t had much of a sixteenth birthday, but it was starting to feel like some kind of vid game where had just passed through a new level and now had possession of new magical knowledge. Only he didn\u8217\'92t know what it was or what he was supposed to do with it. He sent Junior a message about meeting up, making it clear not to bring anyone else.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It was windy and cloudy by the time he got to the tower, barely visible in the nearly moonless winter dusk. The temperature had dropped to 40, everything was still damp from the storm. Junior and Nila were already there.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re here. I told Junior the basics.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So what happened?\u8221\'94 Mik asked. Nila could be dramatic sometimes, and he wasn\u8217\'92t in the mood.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It was amazing!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93He knew I was there. He wanted me \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  us \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  to know. He thinks New Kendall lies to us and if we knew what was going on, we would want to change it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s he like?\u8221\'94 Junior asked. \u8220\'93I mean, you hear all these things\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85kind,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really know. I\u8217\'92m new to this whole mind meld thing. I mean, I\u8217\'92ve never actually had a conversation with anyone this way. I feel stuff coming off people, but I\u8217\'92ve never done this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So you tangled?\u8221\'94 Junior asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, now that you say it, I guess that\u8217\'92s what we did,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So what happened?\u8221\'94 Mik asked. \u8220\'93Who was there, what did they talk about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe was there with two people from Everywhere \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Tosh and Sura \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  and a fugee named Ines. And from our side, it was the head of Sec, Major Sindh, and some tool named Bartlow, no idea what he does besides listen to himself talk. Raefe said that Everywhere was there to represent the people on the other side of the river, and that they were all upset about Saturday night. Four fugees died, and two more are in tough shape. He wanted to know why the Secs fired on the fugees.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So what did Sindh say?\u8221\'94 Mik asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93He started to talk and Bartlow jumped in. He was all \u8216\'91in the opinion of the corporation, nyak, nyak, illegal actions, threatening our personnel, nyak, nyak, we regret,\u8217\'92 and all that bullshit. But Everywhere weren\u8217\'92t impressed. Ines was \u8216\'91so you were concerned that a dozen unarmed, half drowned homeless people in a dead truck were going to overwhelm a company of armed soldiers behind a fortified checkpoint? And that\u8217\'92s why you killed them?\u8217\'92 And Sindh was like \u8216\'91We gave them fair warning. We had no choice when they took aggressive actions.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Fair warning! That\u8217\'92s a lie!\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93He told them to stand down. They never said stop or we\u8217\'92ll shoot. Or fired warning shots. It was \u8216\'91Hold up!\u8217\'92 and then bam, bam, bam.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And they weren\u8217\'92t being aggressive,\u8221\'94 Mik added. \u8220\'93A woman threw a line across and clipped on to it. She was going to zip out of the river. The water was fast and rising. Sons of bitches! So what did Everywhere do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So Tosh was trying to keep Ines from jumping across the table. That was her, I suspect, on the zip line. Raefe was calm, but inside, fierce. He told them they wanted guarantees that this would never happen again. He said New Kendall has to discipline the officers in charge. And make reparations to the fugees. Something about rebuilding the bus yard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So throw Sindh under the bus and pay off the fugees,\u8221\'94 Mik said, slightly disappointed. \u8220\'93I guess that\u8217\'92s all they could expect, anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, it wasn\u8217\'92t just that,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93Because then he told them New Kendall is now almost completely surrounded by water and it won\u8217\'92t recede because of the latest big ice that fell in. And that New Kendall can\u8217\'92t survive on its own any more than Everywhere. He wants New Kendall \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  not the whole corp, just the town \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  to agree that we and Everywhere will always help each other when life is at stake. They don\u8217\'92t want anymore people to die like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s interesting,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93New Kendall likes to say Everywhere can only get in one way, but now they flipped it.  Hah! You can only get out one way. Sindh couldn\u8217\'92t have liked that. What did he say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Barlow cut him off again,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93\u8217\'92Must consult with, we appreciate your coming here,\u8217\'92 nyak, nyak. And then, this was so cool, Raefe let me know that he could sense that it was all bullshit. I mean, anyone could. But the cool thing was that he knew that Barlow was thinking about how to spin this to the top brass, and was wondering if they should throw Sindh under the bus. And Sindh was thinking maybe he should throw Wong under the bus!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that sounds like the New Kendall we all know and love,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93Not too sentimental. Dry land, dry eyes. Junior, I think we\u8217\'92re cool. They\u8217\'92re going to be worrying about bigger stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You bet,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Because right after Barlow tried to shut them up with all that \u8216\'91must consult\u8217\'92 stuff, Ines cut in. I don\u8217\'92t think she\u8217\'92s really with Everywhere. She\u8217\'92s like some fugee rogue. She told Barlow that the Norcamb fugees wanted blood, but they had agreed to let Raefe do his thing, and now she was wondering if that wasn\u8217\'92t a mistake. She gave him 24 hours to come up with a reply that wouldn\u8217\'92t send them over the edge. Raefe didn\u8217\'92t say anything. I think he wanted Barlow to understand shit is getting real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Man, shit is getting fucked up,\u8221\'94 Junior said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So you can tangle now with this Raefe guy?\u8221\'94 Mik asked. \u8220\'93Anytime, anywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Why? You want to send him a message?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe someday,\u8221\'94 Mik agreed. \u8220\'93Just good to know that you can talk. So what are we going to do now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the end, they agreed, nothing. This was too big for the three of them, and they had no idea what to do. Nila said she would write down a transcript of what she had heard through Raefe\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s mind and put it somewhere safe, so they had proof if they ever needed it. They went their separate ways, glad for the dark to give them cover.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Later, Mik sat listlessly eating dinner while his parents chattered about their usual meaningless stuff. He stared out the dining room window, the well-lit streets of New Kendall fanned out down the hill. And then, darkness surrounding their self-made island in all directions, just as Raefe had described. He thought of Nila and Raefe tangled up and was surprised to find he was deeply jealous.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}