{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I sat on a bench where I could see both the front of the dry cleaners and the entrance to the ally. No unusual activity, and no Cartel people had been in or out all morning. Around eleven, things changed. \
The usually peaceful town erupted with sirens and flashing lights. Eight vehicles in all. Several men in swat gear, and others in white shirts and ties, all carrying a firearm and wearing body armor\'96\'96stormed the dry cleaners. The other store owners were on the street watching the raid go down with what looked like a combination of fear and hope. \
The tattooed, dry cleaner clerk spit into the face of an FBI agent, the real-life manifestation of the big-brother she feared has hauled her out of the store. She stood out front shivering with anger while the sun beat down on her. Four men, the same men in church that day when Father John gave his final sermon only to be found naked in the Colorado river a week later, stood in the shadows down the street. A Clark Kent looking man in a cheap black suit, white shirt, black tie and black rimmed glasses. After taking an envelop, counting the money inside, he left. They others made calls on several cells phone, one after the other. They paced, and waved their hands. \
The big bosses know. Maybe now they'll take me seriously. Time for phase two. \
\
\
\
Aiden and Mrs. Jones worked from his garage. Aiden's phone rang. "Aiden here." He looked over at Mrs. Jones. "Understood, but my truck is acting up. I know, I'll have Bobby drive me." \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mo said, "Whatever. Just get here." \
Aiden clicked off the call, then dial another number. \
"What's happening?" Mrs. Jones asked.\
Aiden held up one finger to Mrs. Jones. "Bobby," Aiden said into his phone, "El Brutal's called an emergency meeting and he wants you there too. My truck's on the fritz, pick me up on your way." \
"When?" Bobby asked. \
"Now."\
Aiden's phone pinged with a text message. "I gotta go. Get here right away." Aiden read the text. A coded message from the FBI who also insisted on a meeting with him. \
"Somethings happened." Aiden read the text to Mrs. Jones. \
He texted back, 'Out fishing. Catch you when I can' which was their agreed upon message if Aiden was meeting with the Cartel. \
Mrs. Jones cell rang. Aiden said, "If they can't get me, you're up." \
"Hello?" Mrs. Jones answered her phone.\
"Meet us at the same spot where we originally met," the FBI handler stated. \
"Why what's going on?" Mrs. Jones shrugged her shoulders at Aiden. \
"Be there. 30 minutes." \
Mrs. Jones phone went dead. \
"First the Cartel calls an emergency meeting, then the FBI is frantic and needs to talk to one of us. What's going on here?" Aiden said. 
\f1 \

\f0 "I don't know, but be careful. Something's off," Mrs. Jones said as she and Aiden walked out the door. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
 }