{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Wired for thought}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 Cambridge}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 January 20, 2099}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Raefe lay back on his bed, glad the day was over. At the last minute, New Kendall had agreed to contribute building materials from the Dalton teardown to the bus yard and to talk further about mutual aid. It was a big show \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  he had offered them a place to dump the materials they were pulling out of Dalton Tower without paying all sorts of hauling fees that other areas would demand. So of course they would agree to that. But first they had to show Everywhere couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t dictate to them. And officially, they dismissed any talk of disciplining their own. None of Everywhere\u8217\'92s business. He doubted anyone would ever see Sindh in uniform again, but no one would admit he had been fired. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Still, it could have been worse. The Norcambs were grudgingly satisfied \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Ines was no longer threatening mayhem. Everywhere was taking part in the memorials for the dead, agreeing to help their families and the wounded. All in all, it felt like everyone south of the Alewife had come closer over this, and had averted a military slaughter at New Kendall\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s hands. For now.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He wanted to feel good about it. He had had many worse days and some much better ones, but these in-between days tended to grind him down the most. Maybe it was the down side of empathy. We always wanted to convert empathy to sympathy. Knowing what someone thought and why was a gift. But it came with a price \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the tension that built inside him when he knew he disagreed with their actions and intentions. On his worst days, it became a spiral of self-doubt.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t there yet, but he felt himself slipping towards it. He missed Lina and Nyssa and Des. He missed the closeness they had in the years just after they had defeated Billy Warren\u8217\'92s insane plan to go underground for 1,000 years while the world burned. Those were great times, for them, for Everywhere. Even for the Guardians, who seemed like a distant memory now. Warren\u8217\'92s twisted Guardian handler, Hankori, had been stymied by Diver and Far Flier and Adno, but Hankori was still in charge and Raefe\u8217\'92s Guardian mentors seemed to be lying low. Earth was on its own now.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The hopefulness of 2081 hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t lasted that long. After the Thwaites Glacier had taken a swan dive into the Antarctic Ocean in 2088, sea levels had risen rapidly all around the globe. That had triggered some additional ice sheet loss. All humanity was overwhelmed with the consequences \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the destruction of entire cities, countries. Hundreds of millions of the displaced and dispossessed were on the move. More than ever, Everywhere was needed. Raefe\u8217\'92s family was torn by so many different demands. Lina had stayed in Africa, Nyssa had gone to India, Des to Europe. He had come home, although the TechTown neighborhood he had once spent all of his time in was now a deserted marsh.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 When he had arrived back ten years ago, he had dreamed of North America becoming a vast network of tanglers. He would help forge the backbone of the new world they all wanted to build. Their empathy would spill over, bathing everyone in it, and the rest would slowly grow into the network, like children learning to speak. Lina, Des, Nyssa \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  they had similar dreams, too.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  But nothing had worked quite so well as they had hoped. They had made great progress. Everywhere now had nearly a billion citizens, scattered to every corner of the world. And maybe that was part of the problem. Outside of a band stretching from Nigeria to Kenya, they had only managed to form small islands, or just small clumps, dissolved into the broader chaos and downward slide of civilization. People pinned so much hope on them, and they had to constantly explain that they were not saviors, they had no magic. Humanity had generations of hard work ahead to survive. Raefe would never see the day when humanity could say it had survived this crisis of its own making, but he lived in fear of seeing the day when it failed. That was a real possibility.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And that fear had made the long grind so hard. It had worn all of them down, most of all him. And it had become a wedge between him and Lina. After 50 years, their bond was still strong, but it felt unreal on days like this. He hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t seen her for three years, hadn\u8217\'92t seen the kids for five. Tonight he wished he was back in Dadaab, under the African stars, with his so-smart young kids and the woman he loved.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I am here,\u8221\'94 Lina said, her thoughts suddenly warm in his mind. He felt Des and Nyssa, too.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Lina could feel his weariness. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I should have made sure you were safe after the storm,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Sorry. Just now I felt your sadness across the waveform. How bad are things there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Depends on how you want to measure it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Probably about 100 people were killed in the flooding. Four people were shot by New Kendall for trying to cross into their territory. Maybe 1,000 new homeless people. On the plus side, food and water still available, and our supply lines are intact.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nyssa knew  that when her father recited statistics, he was not speaking from his deepest mind. She felt the contours of his sadness, what was really bothering him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And still, people are fighting each other, eh?\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe smiled. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Daughter whom I cannot hide my thoughts from, exactly right. I\u8217\'92ve had to negotiate with the corpos to prevent the most downtrodden from trying to kill them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Just like Newcastle in the old days,\u8221\'94 Lina said. She had been so proud of how he had brought the Urban Gypsies into the fold. They had been a street gang with aspirations for something more, and he had won their hearts. He had taught them how to entangle and showed them that empathy worked. She wished he would remember his successes more when things weren\u8217\'92t going well.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You are right, Lina,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Sometimes what we do works. We think about how fast the glaciers melt. We need to remember that it took tens of thousands of years to make them. But we are not built for that, I fear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, dad,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the beauty of us. We are not just built \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  we make ourselves. Surely, we weren\u8217\'92t built to live in mega cities or fly planes or walk on Mars. Yet we have done all of those things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nyssa stopped herself from reminding him that these technical accomplishments were part of the problem, this belief in always external solutions to every problem. That was an argument to be had in the tech districts she sometimes worked in, where those were articles of faith and sources of wealth, always a deadly combination in human history. She knew deep down that Des knew that. It was just that if she and mom and dad lived at the street level in the here and now, Des lived at 50,000 feet and 500 years.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I think what dad means,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93is that we are always in this race against time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Lina shared a memory of herself as a teenager, lacing up her track shoes, nervously pacing the start line for a 400 meter race. The feel of running free, then seeing another girl in front, straining to reach her, seeing the finish line around the last bend, trying to find that burst to overtake her. And the joy when her breathing, her legs, her whole being joined and the track felt like nothing as she surged forward above it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, like that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Only in super slow motion.\u8221\'94 He had never been athletic. It was interesting to know what it was like to feel competitive drive. It wasn\u8217\'92t all about beating the other runner. There was a piece that was not wanting to disappoint yourself, to do what you knew, or at least hoped, you were capable of. And also, he realized, an animal joy at the all-out effort, the feeling of exploding forwards.  \u8220\'93Only this isn\u8217\'92t about a trophy. So much is at stake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a huge world, dad,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re just such a small part. We can only ever be that. I try to remember that our job is to be the best part of the whole, not some 20th century idea of a hero.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, well, we need better parts and more of them,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s interesting about the hero. Maybe I do get confused there. I\u8217\'92m a 21st century guy, for sure, but my parents, the culture I was raised in. Still a lot of that superhero stuff in the vids and so on. It\u8217\'92s almost the 22nd century. What will a 22nd century hero look like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why people love you,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Because you ask them to think about things like that, to be something new, yes, but something that they are capable of,  something they have inside them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, thanks to you all for the pep talk,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93My doubts must have been strong to have rippled the waveform all around the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Just all around our world,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93You are always in our thoughts. I know you doubt that sometimes and we all have similar doubts. But I still feel that however long it takes, we will get there. Diver as much as told us that.\u8221\'94 But she knew what was really bothering him, what he couldn\u8217\'92t bring himself to say, for fear that it would demoralize them. He had come to question whether many humans would ever be empaths. Perhaps people like them were doomed to be freaks surrounded by people for whom empathy was only a dalliance. It was easier to be hopeful in Dadaab, where empathy had a head start over most places. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Mom\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93We all need to remember that we can\u8217\'92t fight for humanity by losing our own. We preach that to people all the time, we need to take time to practice it, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They were quiet, letting their mutual feelings spread like the sun breaking through the clouds, bringing warmth and relief. Raefe felt them gradually withdraw as he began drifting off to sleep, his wounds closing just a bit.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}