{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 White Christmas}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 December 22, 2081}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i1
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe knew something was wrong as soon as he opened his eyes. The sun had just risen over Newcastle, a time when the various minds that wandered in and out of the the ruined tenement off Whitehall Street were usually deep in dreams.  Now he could feel a tense energy from Gordo and his Urban Gypsies.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your up early,\u8221\'94 he thought, reaching out to Gordo.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just about to wake you,\u8221\'94 Gordo replied. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be right there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He pulled on some pants and a shirt and made his way across the warren of rooms, halls and broken down walls that traversed the block of flats on the second floor. Below, the first floor was little more than sidewalls and rubble that had been torched during one of the battles between Hindu and Muslim refugees in \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'9174. Gordo was hunched over a map in the room that served as the Gypsies headquarters.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You heard the weather?\u8221\'94 Gordo asked without looking up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93More about the Gulf Stream disappearing?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s official. Five straight days of plunging ocean temperatures. Dropped 4 degrees in one day \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  never been seen before in recorded history. Gulf Stream officially submerged, Greenland ice melt covering the North Atlantic. Very cold winds started building up off Iceland yesterday afternoon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So why the early morning drill?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll probably have to evacuate to warmer ground,\u8221\'94 Gordo said. \u8220\'93First estimates are for historic snows within the week \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  two to three meters is the guess.This neighborhood will be buried by the blizzard and the city will leave it that way until nature melts it. We\u8217\'92d be buried alive if we stayed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where can we go?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Out of Northern England \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  It\u8217\'92s going to be part of the same ice cube as Scotland and Ireland. Maybe even the Irish Sea will freeze over. So it\u8217\'92s Cornwall,\u8221\'94 Gordo answered. \u8220\'93The last of the Gulf Stream still reaches that far. Warm winds will turn the snow to rain down there, but at least we won\u8217\'92t freeze to death.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How are we going to get over the border into the South?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re working on it. Can you help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if I had any friends in the City of London, Limited, they might grease the skids for entry into the Republic of South England. But maybe a friend of a friend \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  some of the minor corpos occasionally waver in their affection for economic dictatorship. I\u8217\'92ll see what I can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Back in his room, he decided to contact Lina. It was an hour later in Nigeria, and she was an early riser anyway. He let his mind wander, settling into the noise of so many minds, and reached out for her. Soon, she responded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My northern light,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93What raises you from sleep so early?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your equatorial warmth, my dear,\u8221\'94 he replied. \u8220\'93Newcastle is pretty cool, as my great-grandfathe might have said, but now it\u8217\'92s in danger of becoming just cold. Very cold.\u8221\'94 He explained what was going on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is what we feared for twenty years,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And now it may come to pass. What can you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For now, not much. We have to go south or we could be trapped in a killer storm. That means South England and that means United Financial Services territory. The Gypsies are hoping to find a friend to keep us off USF\u8217\'92s radar until I get to the Low Islands and friends. Do you think anyone in Kuti has friendly contacts in South England?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very likely.  USF has waged an on again, off again campaign against Nigerian cybergangs for decades. Sometimes they buy off the best hackers and move them to London. Maybe someone here has a relative, or a friend. Most of the cybergangs are thugs, but every now and then one of them helps the Voodo Republic. Insurance policy, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can help,\u8221\'94 a voice said, joining the waveform.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nyssa,\u8221\'94 Raefe said, \u8220\'93so good to hear you. You were listening in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not really. But some part of me feels when both of you are connected. Instead of just the feel of single thoughts, it\u8217\'92s more like a chord. Did you know that? The two of you always make the same chord, like it\u8217\'92s your theme music. I\u8217\'92ve been worried about you, dad, hearing the news about the weather in Scotland.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You always find new ways to amaze me, daughter,\u8221\'94 Lina said. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Des can do the same,\u8221\'94 Nyssa said. \u8220\'93More actually. He can hear the chord for a whole group of people. When we were kids, sometimes we would hide from you two. I could feel the two of you coming. But once, mom, you came with Edna and Fatima and a whole bunch of others and he knew it right away. He told me every person that was coming and he got it right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Another time we should talk about what this means, how it might be developed for good,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Bu for now, how might you help your father?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember that boy I liked when I was a teenager? Manfred?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You mean the one we both hated?\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that one. Well, you were mostly right about him. He wound up going to Lagos to one of the corpo unis there. He\u8217\'92s very bright, you know, and he was ambitious back then \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  not so interested in the greater good. He was recruited by a local subsidiary of UFS and they moved him to London four or five years ago. He\u8217\'92s married and all that, but we kept in touch just a bit and you weren\u8217\'92t totally right. Turns out he\u8217\'92s actually appalled by corpo life and doesn\u8217\'92t know what to do \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they basically own him, so he can\u8217\'92t just walk out. I was just talking to him last week. He wants to know how he can help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you trust him? Have you entangled with him?\u8221\'94 Lina asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93More tangled than entangled,\u8221\'94 she laughed. \u8220\'93But that was a long time ago. No, he\u8217\'92s afraid of that. Still I get some vibes from him, so yes, I think I can trust him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re thinking of going to Devon. Is there anyway he can help there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask. Sit tight, I\u8217\'92ll let you know soon.\u8221\'94}}