{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f1 [Maybe have Bee go off on her own suggesting that she does that often - would help explain why she isn't in the next scenes.]
\f0 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The next morning, still bewildered from our find yesterday, the questions piled up: What had Pa been into? Where was Ma? Did Pa\'92s stash have anything to do with Ma missing? Worried and confused I rubbed my forehead. We settled-in on the porch swing with sweet tea to help calm and cool us. As we swung, I spied a dust cloud rolling in from the main road. It was too early for visitors. \
I stepped inside and reached behind the door for the shotgun. This time, I stood out on the porch, shotgun cocked. As the vehicle approached, I spotted Uncle Bobby at the wheel. \
"Whoa Annie Oakley, what\'92s got you so riled up?"\
"What do you want?" I relaxed the shotgun on my shoulder, but left it cocked. \
"Where\'92s your Ma?" Bobby asked through the window. \
"What do you mean? She left with you, and," I gulped, "Pa." \
"No, we drove out together, but went our separate ways. She never came back?" \
I shook my head. \
"Well, your pickup is down by the river bottom. Happened upon it last night." \
"And Ma?" \
"Assumed she was here." \
"Anyone else in the truck?" Thinking about Pa. \
"No." Bobby said. \
I gazed at the very spot Pa laid a few days ago. 
\f0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.619608\\G=0.043137\\B=0.011765\} \\text=
\f1 very spot Pa laid a few days ago.//timeline 
\f0 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f1 \
 "Grab the keys, I\'92ll take you there," said Bobby. \
I kept the shotgun at my side, and retrieved the extra set of keys from the kitchen drawer. \
"Get in," Bobby scolded from the cab. His left eye twitched as he tilted his head like athletes do to crack their necks.\
I put my hand on the dash to steady myself as Bobby sped down the road. \
"You look awful," I said. \
He scowled, "Gee, thanks." \
"You must be working hard, your shop is doing much better," I said.\
"How do you know that?" Bobby's head whipped in my direction.\
"Your credit card, you dolt. Remember, I help Mrs. Jones with your bookkeeping for your shop. And next time
\fs20 \'96\'96
\fs24 pay cash for your hooker." \
 Bobby pounded the steering wheel. "You better not tell Susan," he said, glaring at me long enough to veer off the road onto the dirt shoulder. "Shit, shit, shit." \
I smirked. I loved figuring out the story behind the numbers. Amazing what you can learn about people you thought you knew. \
About two miles from the house, Bobby turned on to a dirt road. 
\f0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f1 [//Todo/is two miles down far enough?]
\f0 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f1 \
"Who uses this road anymore? Isn\'92t this the way to the old mine?" I asked. A year or so ago it had hardly been a road at all. The miners abandoned it on account of the mine closing. For years it lay rutted and useless from the monsoons. Now the ruts were smoothed over and the road cleared, standing in contrast to the entrance still hidden by overgrown brush.\
"About time you learned to mind your own damn business, little Miss Nosey." \
I rolled my eyes. "How d\'92you happen upon the truck out here, anyway?" The landscape changed as we approached the dry river bottom.\
"Hunting," said Bobby. \
"Hunting? You hate hunting. In fact, this shotgun by my side makes you nervous\'96\'96admit it," I laughed. \
Bobby had no comeback. Something was off.\
"Is this where you and Pa go at night? Which reminds me, why did you come by the other night when you knew," I hesitated, "about Pa?" \
Bobby slammed on the brakes so hard that I barely caught myself before my head could hit the dashboard. "Don\'92t ever talk about that. Ever." Bobby grabbed my arm. "Bad enough, the mess you made with your Pa." \
"Mess I made?" I yanked free of his grasp. Bobby didn\'92t scare me. He had more words than Pa, louder too, but he wasn\'92t near as big\'96\'96scrawny you\'92d say if you wanted a punch in the nose. I had a couple of inches on him, and 20 pounds more muscle. I could take him in a fair fight, but with Bobby, no one expected fair. \
"Listen here, Suzie. You never saw your Pa go out at night. Or me pick him up at night. And forget about this road. It doesn\'92t exist\'96\'96got it?" His eyes locked on mine. "We\'92re just here to retrieve your truck. After that, forget everything." \
I\'92d never seen him so serious. I threw up my hands. "Okay. Okay, already." \
He held my gaze another second. "I mean it, Suzie. Ne-ver." He emphasized 
\f2\i never
\f1\i0  like two words. Bobby shoved the gear stick into drive and pealed out. \
A little farther, I saw our truck. It rested off the road in a shallow ditch. Most of it hidden from the road except the passenger\'92s side, rear bumper which stuck up at an angle with the tire just off the ground. As we got closer, I saw the front driver-side bumper hugged a tree. Bobby pulled over.\
I opened the driver-side door and stopped. \
"Hood opens. That\'92s a good start." Bobby inspected the engine. "Radiator looks fine." He pushed and pulled a few more things, then declared it safe to drive. He slammed the hood shut, wiped his hands on his jeans, and headed to his truck. \
"Don\'92t just stand there, get in. I got to get going," he said, but I didn\'92t move. "What\'92s wrong with you now?" he quipped. \
"There\'92s blood." I stood, just inside the driver-side door, glaring at the dark spot on the passenger side. \
"Of course, there\'92s blood, you imbecile. Happens when you shoot someone." \
"Dead men don\'92t bleed." I gave him a now-who\'92s-the-imbecile look. \
"You some doctor now, smart-ass?" Bobby cranked his ignition. "I did my good deed for the day. You\'92re on your own. Get out of here before someone sees you." \
He sped off, leaving me on a road that didn\'92t exist, with a truck I wasn\'92t sure ran, and blood that shouldn\'92t have been there. \
\
\
}