{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Playing telephone}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 Traveller\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Perch}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 November 17, 2081}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93One last item that I want to make the council aware of,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93We haven\u8217\'92t discussed Earth much in recent years, but things have continued to deteriorate there. Much as we expected, humans seem unable to escape a downward spiral of environmental destruction and social violence. Green, do you have anything to add to that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not really. Just that I will soon re-assign Adno to other duties. I no longer see what there is to gain by having an Ambassador to Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The waveform reverberated with agreement from the rest of the Council.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It seems we have consensus on that. Let us know when it is done. And with that, we are adjourned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Hankori and Green had come to the Council offices for the meeting, and now they walked through it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s quiet corridors.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How did the summit go?\u8221\'94 Green asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Quite well. Warren can be very persuasive, especially when he\u8217\'92s promising them an entire world and immortality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you bothering with this? Why not just let nature take its course?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Green, sometimes you lack imagination. Did you think we would just be sending the humans drugs and gadgets?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93In fact, yes. What are you saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We will have to remake them. Change their genes, the way they raise children, their whole society.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think that once we have perfected e12, we would just implement it on ourselves? What if it doesn\u8217\'92t work as we had hoped? What if there are unforeseen consequences?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I\u8217\'92ve wondered all along about that. How can the humans help us with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93There will be millions of them, living in a controlled environment. Their breeding will be controlled by us, as will their food supply.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not saying we would use them as test subjects?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m saying exactly that. They will be our living laboratory. You seem dismayed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going down a road here that is very dangerous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Green, my friend, we have been on that road all along. You are only now seeing that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They walked in silence until they reached the door to the street. Hankori strode off briskly, Green watching him disappear around a corner. He was rattled by their talk, but he knew what he had to do.}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The moment we all feared is close,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been reassigned from Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93To what?\u8221\'94 Diver asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s just it. Nothing. And no one is taking my place. Green seems to be running things, for Hankori, no doubt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you called us here, Adno,\u8221\'94 Mari said.  \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been monitoring some of the Guardians back on A\u8217\'92Nonto and something seriously messed up is going on. Can you guys listen to this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She sent them her memories of Hantikori\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s recent conversation with Green, and some of Hankori\u8217\'92s memories of his conversations with Billy Warren.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Can you believe this?\u8221\'94 Antithikos said, his thoughts tinged with anger. \u8220\'93This Hantikori is really just too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We have to tell Raefe and Lina,\u8221\'94 Mari said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93With Hankori and Green in charge, they\u8217\'92ll know everything that goes through the wormhole interface.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Anti and Mari looked uncomfortable.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You should not worry about that, Flier who has flown between planets,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93I, who have also flown between planets, can swim far distances with my mind. With many minds. No Guardians will know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What are you saying, Adno?\u8221\'94 Diver said. Was Adno just using some of her usual watery metaphors, or was there more to it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93When Mari explained to you how our people have always been entangled,\u8221\'94 she replied, \u8220\'93she did not tell you the entire story. Because I learned to entangle without the wormhole interface network, I don\u8217\'92t really need it. Once I learned to sing the Guardian waveform, I was capable of finding it without Guardian technology.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93This changes everything,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93We have a secret weapon, Diver! We can fight back!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You have other secret weapons, father mom,\u8221\'94 Mari said. \u8220\'93Because I learned this skill from Adno, and Anti did too, we were able to teach it to Des and Nyssa. After all, when were both inside mommom, she had much contact with Raefe and Lina, and through Lina to her twins inside her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, the universe continues to tickle us,\u8221\'94 Diver said.\u8221\'94But this is great news. We must bring Raefe and Lina into the picture.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Lina bolted awake. Raefe\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s slow slide into sleep ended abruptly.  Suddenly they had both joined the waveform Adno had created. She was there, along with Des and Nyssa, and Diver and Flier and Anti and Mari. It was somehow stronger and more vivid than their normal connections.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We have news for you that\u8217\'92s urgent, and some other matters, too,\u8221\'94 Adno said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead,\u8221\'94 Raefe said, back safely from London.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, ready here in Dadaab,\u8221\'94 Lina said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We want you to know that something rotten is happening with the Guardians,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93They are ending their guardianship of Earth. I\u8217\'92ve been reassigned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve kept you out of a lot of Guardian politics over the years,\u8221\'94 Diver said, \u8220\'93because we had no thought it would go this far. But now you need to know. Flier was pushed out of the directorship some time ago and a man named Hankori  took over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We think he\u8217\'92s insane,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93We also think he\u8217\'92s interfering with Earth in a big way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Before Diver was ambassador to Earth,\u8221\'94 Adno said, \u8220\'93Hankori was for about 10 years. He failed miserably at it, but now I think that he planted some seeds there. He has interfered with a variety of bad people and continues to this very day. I\u8217\'92m quite sure that he as regular contact with a man named Billy Warren.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Warren? Now things are starting to make sense,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Warren is allied with other large corpos. One of them is Ken Robertson. His security forces have been trying to kill me \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  they took a shot at me just recently.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And we\u8217\'92ve heard through other sources,\u8221\'94 Nyssa said, \u8220\'93that the corpos recently had a secret meeting of global leaders. They can rarely agree on what kind of water to drink, so it must have been important.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I think our source inside the corpos will tell us more,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Nyssa, can you contact him again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, sure,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And Adno, can you try and go deeper on your end?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We all will,\u8221\'94 Adno replied.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93OK, I think this is actually a great moment,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93The declaration of Everywhere seems to have stirred the hornet\u8217\'92s nest, as it were. But you know, I\u8217\'92m puzzled. This all feels different than usual. Somehow closer. Is something different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You were always so attuned,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93And you are right. Flier and I have been surprised about this new development, too, just a little while ago. We\u8217\'92ll let Adno explain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What Diver taught you about entanglement is really only part of the story,\u8221\'94 Adno said. \u8220\'93My people, for example, are always entangled as a school and have no need of the Guardian interface network. Mari learned that from us, and she taught Anti. Because both of them knew you while they were inside Diver, they knew your signatures at birth. And Des and Nyssa\u8217\'92s. And as twins, they have always known each other in the waveform as well.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re saying that the eight of us, and maybe all of Adno\u8217\'92s school, can maintain a waveform across these great distances but outside of the Guardian network?\u8221\'94 Lina asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Anti said. \u8220\'93Just so. I\u8217\'92m not entirely sure why \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  my guess is that the Guardian network is actually a simplified, artificial version of a vast natural set of connections that span the galaxy, if not the universe. I don\u8217\'92t understand the physics of it \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  do our thoughts ride through extra dimensions, do they make the long sought cosmic strings vibrate, something else? But I know it\u8217\'92s real. Once we show you how to initiate the connections, you\u8217\'92ll see it\u8217\'92s actually easier to use than the Guardian network.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93This changes everything. We\u8217\'92ll have the advantage of surprise,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Just what we thought, old friend,\u8221\'94 Flier said.}}