{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri Light;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red91\green155\blue213;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \keepn\fi288\sb240\sl259\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Chapter 9}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe stared out of the window at the snow, falling for the third straight day. The morning blizzard had eased up to a light fall as the backside of the storm circled through. They\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d get a few hours of sun now before the \u8216\'91soon swirled back fresh with frozen moisture from the ocean.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He thought of the snow crew on the train ride, probably exhausted after the last three weeks of this, lying alongside a road somewhere, trying to catch a little nap before the next storm wave hit. They\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d work almost around the clock for the snow \u8216\'91soon season, piling up as much money as they could. Then they\u8217\'92d head on to the next migrant jobs they could find. What a life!}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He read a class assignment with no particular enthusiasm. He remembered a character in an old vid saying \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m putting this town in my rear view,\u8221\'94 and that\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s what where his classes seemed focused on. It was interesting, in an abstract sort of way. But everything was different now, and would be different tomorrow. Not to put too fine a point on it, but if the people of the past had that much to offer, why was he living through mass extinctions, endless wars around the world, corpos corrupting every government to their own ends, and the possibility of total disaster looming?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 But if he flunked out of Human Potential 221, he\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d be in danger of losing his scholarship. And if he lost that, he\u8217\'92d be out on the street, and then he\u8217\'92d become a snow monkey or something equally undesirable. There was always something worse, he was discovering.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He turned back to his screen, trying to focus on this rather abstruse lecture on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Cooperation versus competition in pre-electronic societies.\u8221\'94 He listened for the third time, trying to understand what was really different about back then, trying to picture a world where you mostly had to be face to face with people to see what they really looked like and sounded like. Was there any type of person on earth he had not seen or heard on the \u8216\'91net? He tried to imagine different variables \endash  tallest, shortest, fattest, thinnest, palest, darkest, hair, eyes \endash \endash  what a motley bunch we all were. He turned up the Carnival music coming out of Rio on the Net and closed his eyes and tried to picture them. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 There was a long line of odd looking people, sambaing toward him. He danced down the line, shaking each person\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, asking their name and where they were from. Olaf, the Viking pirate, Norumbega, dives for pearls, on down the line he went until he came to a woman who looked nothing like anyone he had ever met.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She was more than 2 meters tall, but there was something about the way her shoulders, hips and feet formed a long, sinuous arce that was as striking as her height. At first she looked white, but then he realized she had a faint violet glow about her, as if lit from within. She had long black hair, but it too had a faint purplish tinge. And her eyes could only be called fuchsia.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you,\u8221\'94 he asked her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Aleron. I\u8217\'92m glad we are finally getting to meet, Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know my name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I became interested in you some time ago, and I\u8217\'92ve been learning about you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What? Why would be watching me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to tell you that. Let\u8217\'92s go sit over here.\u8221\'94 She waved toward a small grove, with a little curved bench big enough for the both of them. There was a slight breeze that kept the trees tilting this way and that in a quiet rustle. Overhead, the sky was blue with tufty cotton clouds. The Carnival music had disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She sat across from him and laid her hands on top of his. They seemed weightless yet warm. She closed her eyes and without thinking, so did he.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 A second went by and then he felt a sensation that he had never felt before, as if the two of them were passing by each other, no more like through each other, as if they each were a school of fish swimming at right angles to each other without touching. Startled, he opened his eyes. She was smiling at him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93There, now we are more firmly linked,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Linked to what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93To each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He looked down. She wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t touching him anymore but he still had that feeling.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You have many questions and some of the answers will be hard for you to understand or believe. So let me start with the biggest news. My name is Aleron, as I said, but I am not human. Nor am I actually here. I live on a planet my kind call A\u8217\'92Nonto \endash  it means Red Flower in your language \endash \endash  around a star more than 20 light years from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92ve travelled here to see me? Why\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, I have not travelled to your world. It would take many lifetimes to travel to your world. But like many other intelligent species, after thousands of years of watching the stars and trying to understand the universe, we have found ways to send signals vast distances through shortcuts in the universe. I believe in your culture, these are called wormholes. Unlike some of your more imaginative entertainment, living things, nor any other objects of any size, cannot go through wormholes. But energy \endash  information --  can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re just some kind of holo vid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not exactly. Perhaps you will take a course in your school that goes deeper into physics and it will become easier for you to understand. But the basic idea is that when the big bang happened, what was once a mass of energy, all interacting in a single waveform, flew outward and cooled and separated into the universe we see. But subtle connections remain between matter that once was connected, subtle pathways for waves to form. Your physicists call this quantum entanglement, although they are far from understanding how it works. We have learned how to travel those pathways and strengthen them, even across wormholes. So right now, my brain and your brain are having a conversation over these many light years because we are entangled with each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How did this happen? Did someone plant a chip in me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, you have a great gift. All living things sense entanglement to some degree \endash  we all have atoms and even smaller particles that condensed out of the primordial bang and this creates a very low level field that we mostly aren\u8217\'92t aware of. You and I, and many, many others, are creatures who somehow concentrate this entanglement more than our fellow beings. We are not sure why or how. But we know it\u8217\'92s true and have been meeting living creatures throughout the galaxy this way for thousands of years. And before us, for more than a billion years, other creatures have been doing the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what to say. I don\u8217\'92t feel particularly special. I\u8217\'92m just a kid who gets headaches, sometimes daydreams too much, and is struggling to get through college. Sometimes I feel like I want to do something big, but I don\u8217\'92t think even I believe that I will, and I know no one else does. I\u8217\'92m one of those people other people say \u8216\'91\u8216\'91nice guy, not too ambitious, a little dreamy\u8217\'92 about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Your headaches and daydreams are a symptom of your gift, and of your inability to channel it. I will help you with that in time. As for the rest, I think you are going to do big things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe felt like a guitar string that had been plucked and couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t stop vibrating. Her words were like a song playing in his head. Did she feel his thoughts in the same way?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s exactly it,\u8221\'94 she smiled. \u8220\'93I do feel your thoughts that way. In time, it will seem unremarkable to you and you will begin to notice that from other people in your world, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I have already. Sometimes I meet someone and I have this vague sense of a kind of static electricity between us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent! You are on your way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93To what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Now I have to tell you some hard things, and ask your help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time, he felt fear. He looked around. They were in this little woods, all alone. There were no buildings on the horizon. Where was he? Could he leave if he wanted?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You can relax, Raefe. You are asleep. When you wake up, you will remember this, and you will be free to do whatever you want. For now, let me explain some things. Is that OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I want to hear what you have to say. Or think, or whatever it is we are doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Your scientists have made great strides in the last few generations and found many planets outside your star system, including some that they think might have life. Including, actually, my planet, but that\u8217\'92s a story for another day. My species discovered these things about 10,000 years ago and for many generations, we made plans to roam the galaxy to look for intelligent life. But ultimately, we realized that this is unlikely in the ordinary way. The galaxy, let alone the universe, is vast and empty. There is life everywhere, including intelligent life, but the distances are too great. Ultimately, we learned that living things have been trying for more than 3 billion years to bridge these distances.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Like you, we had many forms of speculation about traveling faster than light, and making instant trips to other civilizations. Alas, after 3 billion years, no living things have solved that puzzle. But, like others before us, we learned more about the quantum world and learned to exploit certain phenomenon, to be able to send energy through wormholes. And then we learned to organize that energy in certain ways so that we could have useful communications with other lifeforms.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What we discovered is that there is a loose association of advanced lifeforms called Guardians who speak to each other across these wormhole links. While life is plentiful, even intelligent life, it is sparse. And frail. Many intelligent species destroy themselves, many others are destroyed by random events, like the comet that helped destroy the dinosaurs on your world. They, by the way, might have become as intelligent as your species, so you see how it goes.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So I am a Guardian, and I am working to nurse your species through its most dangerous epoch. You see it all around you \endash  your species has developed great destructive power. You could wipe yourself out in a day with nuclear weapons. Right now, you are wiping yourselves out with a slower destruction of your environment. You have learned a great deal about the natural world, and can manipulate it for both productive and destructive purposes. Yet you know very little, yet, about yourselves. About how your own minds work, and how to steer them to avoid these calamities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you can say that again. That\u8217\'92s all we seem to do \endash  mess things up and then talk about why and how. But we never seem to change much. What can we do?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t tell you that. Both because I don\u8217\'92t know \endash  every species must find its own way \endash  and because Guardians have discovered the hard way that accelerating your development through giving you extensive knowledge of discoveries you are millennia from reaching on your own never works. Ultimately, your knowledge of yourselves and the physical universe must develop in a new way, in a more linked way,  that you will have to find on your own.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And you want me to do that? Are you kidding? I never got past the basics in science. I\u8217\'92m more of a poet than a physicist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, Raefe, the future of humanity is not your responsibility alone. But you already feel that you want to do something with your life, you want to find new answers, maybe even new questions. I know you have shared these thoughts with your mate, and so they must be important to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I have thought about those things. Lina and I have had some very odd experiences lately, and we met some interesting people. But I really have no plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93One of those people you met was Alton Winchester. Like you, he is an entangler \endash  I think you sensed that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I did! It was weird. You know about our train trip?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Him and that ridiculous Jefferson Davis character. I felt it from both of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She considered that for a second. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I have not felt Davis. I will give that some thought. Winchester, he is not far enough along as you to contact. But he is doing good things. You should follow your instincts and meet him and talk. There are others \endash  you will learn better to identify them, and I will also point some out to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Seems kind of creepy, like I\u8217\'92m putting together some kind of sleeper cell for aliens.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You will have to judge our motives and actions for yourself. But my goals isn\u8217\'92t to have you carry out some plot. These people who are entanglers, they connect with other People in different ways. They sense different parts of what ultimately will be a solution for your species. My only goal is to connect you with each other, so that you can begin that work yourself.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Right now, there is some urgency. Your species has a good chance of self-destruction in your lifetime. Change is not simple in your world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I was going to visit Alton anyway, so no worries there. Can I tell him about you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I would advise against it. I think you understand on a very basic level that if you discuss this with others, the issue will become your sanity, not the substance of what it is to be done. For others, the narrative will come too close to religion, and they will become passive, thinking that the Guardians will save them as some kind of gods. In billions of years, intelligent life has never found gods. If they exist, they hide well. Although we also still cannot explain some aspects of how the universe works, gods have little to do in our worldview. So you should probably think of me as a muse, a source of inspiration, that you meet in dreams.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, so this is a dream?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, for now, that is how we will meet. But you will remember all of it. And now, I will show you how to deal with those headaches.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He felt a warmth, as if a tiny river of honey was flowing from one part of his head (or was it just his mind) to another. He understood that he could turn that flow on next time he felt that migraine-like headache, and it would soothe it. He smiled. This was going to be alright.}}