{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The hospital released me the next day with my arm in a sling. The bullet had grazed my arm. Mrs. Jones and I walked to Aiden and Jeb\'92s hospital room, where Agent Delacroix had arranged to meet us.  \
We agreed to come clean with everything, but only after the FBI agreed, in writing, to not press changes against us, or the business owners forced to take part in the Cartels money laundering.\
"Not so fast. There are conditions," responded Delacroix. \
Mrs. Jones raised her eyebrows. Aiden and I swapped glances. \
"First, the owners must hand over all Cartel related property. Second, they must cooperate, whatever that takes, identifications, names, dates, etc. Third, you two," he said looking at Mrs. Jones and Aiden, "must review the books, the real ones and the cooked books with the FBI forensic accountant and do everything possible to help us identify any remaining money stashes, bank accounts, or laundered investments. And finally," he turned to me, "I can't guarantee you'll get off scot-free. Obstructing an investigation, withholding evidence, breaking and entering, not to mention killing a man. There will be a hearing." \
I lowered my head and examined my hands, "It was worth it." \
The Federal prosecutor smiled at Delacroix, but tried to cover it by clearing his throat and morphing it into more serious, professional face when he saw me watching him. \
"However,\'94 said the Federal Prosecutor, \'93given your actions helped take down one of the largest drug operations in the US and Mexico, and provided us with enough into for months of busts to come," he stopped, turned to Delacroix who have him a nod, "we'll be putting in a word with the Federal court, and recommending no charges be brought. The hearing is just a formality." \
\'93Not to mention saving my life,\'94 Delacroix said. \'93Thank you, Suzie.\'94 \
I breathed again. Mrs. Jones and Aiden hugged me. \
"Thank you," I said. \
"There's something I don't understand,\'94 said Mrs. Jones. \'93How did you know to bring in Suzie to identify your mole?"  \
"She brought herself, but actually, you told me," said Delacroix. \
"Me?" said Mrs. Jones. \
"Yes, when you delivered the documents. You made me promise and I quote, 'Jeb, his family, any store owners threatened into participating in the Cartel's money laundering operation 
\f1\i and Suzie
\f0\i0  wouldn\'92t face any charges.' I had no idea who Suzie was, or how she was involved before then. Call me slow, but I didn't even know she and you were a thing," said Delacroix, looking at Aiden. \
"Well, we weren't, really. Not then anyway," Aiden blushed. \
"So I couldn't figure why you would need immunity," Delacroix said to me. "Then I put two and two together. You two," he looked at Aiden and Mrs. Jones, "went from providing me almost daily info, to nothing overnight. The shooting in Jeb's store, the dead man being Susie's Pa, a man, who by the way, according to Bob Palmer, was stealing from the Cartel and hadn't shown up for work in days, was dead. Bobby's body in the town center. It all came together when Suzie showed up at the shack to claim her mother's body." Delacroix lowered his voice, "My condolences." He waited a beat. "Turns out, Suzie here, was the common denominator to everything." \
"What I don't get is why you send Agent Palmer to Aiden to confirm the information, if you already suspected he was the mole?" \
"I didn't send him. Information is power. He probably wanted to know what info was valid and not. I suspect he was planning on holding something back as insurance. I thought he\'92d use Aiden to confirm. Its' what I would have done in his shoes. After all, he knew Aiden was working for us. What he didn't know was that I had already briefed Aiden that the info given to Agent Palmer, was fake, and asked him to confirm it anyway, if Palmer asked. Palmer had to think it was legitimate." \
\
Later that afternoon, I formally identified Pa's body. It lay on a metal table with a sheet over it. They pulled back the sheet and showed me his head. I motioned for them to pull the sheet back more, displaying his shoulders and chest. His tattoo of a cloaked skull holding a sickle dripping with blood dominated his left shoulder, and on his chest tattoos of multicolored snakes devouring his organs: his heart, his lungs, his liver. I'd seen them before, many times. Once triggers of fear, now a pathetic cry for attention and proof of his insecurity. Maybe he was human after all. \
}