{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A female caller provided an anonymous tip regarding a cartel murder victim. She provided a specific time and place, and promised the FBI would catch the cartel moving the body. \
Delacroix listened to the call three times. There wasn\'92t time to search for corroboration before acting, but his gut told him this was the same person who had provided the documents. \
He briefed four seasoned agents and provided tactile backup from State Police. He warned them it could be a trap, a hoax, or the real deal. \
\'93Valenzuela, you're in charge,\'94 ordered Delacroix.\
Delacroix wondered which it was. "Watch your six, boys. I promised your wives you'd be home for dinner." \
\
Valenzuela lead the team to the shack. Stealth and surprise were their primary weapons, along with an arsenal strapped to to their bodies. They surround the building but kept their distance.\
"We need eyes and ears in there," said Valenzuela. \
An agent nodded and crept up to the shack. Through a cracked window he secured a small camera and microphone. Valenzuela watched through his cell phone. \
"Bloody shirt, but no body," said Valenzuela, "living or dead. The agent at the window retreated. The men outside on high alert. It took four minutes, and he was back with his team. Valenzuela scrutinized the image to detect even this slightest of movement. \
"Everyone pull back. Now we wait," said Valenzuela. \
"Agent-one here, gold truck heading your way," said the agent stationed at the top of the road. "Odd, though. He's driving like an old lady trying not to scratch the truck, rather than an underworld criminal trying to collect a body."\
"I got him," interrupted agent-two. "Senior cartel member. ID confirmed. That's Mo, El Brutal's second. He's got three others with him." \
"Roger that," replied Valenzuela. \
"Boss? We got another one. A woman on an ATV." She's parallel to the road, winding her way to you. You should pick her up now, agent-two, I've lost sight." \
"Negative, she's not in sight," said agent-two. \
"She has to be," said agent-one.\
"Negative." \
"Gold truck is parking," reported agent-three.\
Valenzuela watched as a Hispanic man got out of the truck and headed towards the house. His head was on a swivel, his gait hesitant. \
He made it to the front door, and within seconds announced, "All clear." \
Mo and the others got out of the truck. Mo inspected the side of his truck before trotting to the shack. \
"Okay then, nothing here. Figure out how we get into the crawl space." Valenzuela heard through his earpiece patched into the planted microphone.\
"Boss, a woman is approaching from the rear, but keeping her distance." \
"Who the hell is she?" Valenzuela said. \
"Unknown, sir." \
"Shit. Keep focused on the shack. Four, keep me updated on the girl." \
"Here," said one of Mo's men. \
The sound of wood chaffing and rusted hinges filled the ear pieces. \
"Let's go," said someone sounding like Mo.\
"What are we looking?" said one of Mo's men. \
"Money, and lots of it, and if any of it's missing, it's on you. Now go." \
"Money?" Valenzuela said into the comms.\
Through the cracks in the shack's skirt, the agents saw shadows of men on their bellies searching the crawl space. Infrared confirmed four men.\
"There it is," said another of Mo's men. \
"Move in," announced Valenzuela. Each man pulled on his gas masks. \
Valenzuela and other agents charged the front door and had the hatch to the crawl space covered in seconds. Another rushed in through the back. Four other agents ripped the skirt from the crawl space and rolled a tear gas bomb toward the cartel men.\
Within minutes, the agents dragged out Mo and his men, along with a body wrapped in a carpet. The agents cuffed the men.\
"We'll be out in no time, big man," Mo\'92s spouted to Valenzuela. "You need the head of the snake and you'll never get him." \
"Stop, FBI. Raise your hands." Agent-four yelled to a woman approaching the body.\
"What the hell?" Valenzuela spun around. \
"That's my mother," the woman said, falling to her knees in front of the carpet. "They killed her."\
"You again?" scouled Mo said. "You're dead."  \
She turned to Mo. "Not before that snake's head is on a platter." \
 \
 }