{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Enacting the part}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 New Kendall}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 January 23, 2099}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i1
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>New Kendall had gone officially silent about the events at the bridge and REM\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s visit. Mik could find nothing on the official stream, none of the independents had anything to say, which was weird. The more he thought about it, New Kendall must have put the word out \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  this was off limits for discussion.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 On the plus side, nothing obviously terrible had happened in the last two days either. No flaming arrows from across the river, no lockdowns in New Kendall. But he couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t escape the feeling that some small corner had been turned, something had happened and he didn\u8217\'92t yet know what that was. He was about to message Junior when he realized who he really wanted to talk to, and live, was Nila. She had suddenly gone from being an annoying person on the edge of his world to someone fascinating. When he was very young, sometimes little kids played games where they pretended to be Raefe or Lina and guess what someone was thinking. But this kind of play had to be done out of earshot of adults, and by the time they were school age, most kids had gotten the message that this was not acceptable. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Now here was Nila, who not only wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t just playing at it, but doing it with the man himself. And the real question: were there others in New Kendall who could tangle too, and did they all know each other? And the biggest question \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  could they teach someone, someone like himself, to tangle? All of a sudden, he felt the need to know the answer to these question.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  He checked her on the net, but she had her location turned off. Should have known \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  her Sec mom probably made her do that. Secs were strictly do as I say, not as I do when it came to stuff like that. They wanted to know everything about you, but they liked being mysterious.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He remembered she was into the nactor scene, one of a number of fringey things that had made him avoid her in the past. Nactors were sort of like old-time actors, who didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t really exist anymore since when they were little the movies had switched to using synths, computer-generated actors appearing in computer-generated sets. Of course, he had seen old-time movies but he didn\u8217\'92t see much difference between the old ones and the new ones. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 But not everyone agreed. Supposedly, there was some \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93human element\u8221\'94 that was missing from the synths. And so people would get together and re-enact favorite scenes from their favorite vids. He searched and found a club called, oddly enough, Modern Times, on the edge of New Kendall that sometimes had Friday night performances. What an odd name for something so retro! But there was one tonight, so that was good. And tomorrow was only half a day of school, so his parents probably wouldn\u8217\'92t bust his balls about being out late.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He messaged Nila, saying he was thinking of hitting Modern Times tonight to catch the nactors, but he didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know the vid. What did she think? Her reply was cryptic: \u8220\'93Might not be familiar to you, but you should check it out.\u8221\'94 He had more hoped for \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going, want to hang out?\u8221\'94 But he told her he thought he would, indeed, check it out.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 All of this prompted a flurry of checking her out on the net, which yielded very little. Yes, she was 17, born in New Kendall, no dad as far as he could tell. If she had a sex life, it wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t obvious. If she had a life, for that matter, it wasn\u8217\'92t obvious either. Mystery girl, who are you? He thought of asking around, but he wasn\u8217\'92t ready to broadcast his interest. Sometimes you just had to take a chance.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Modern Times was tucked away on the only land that hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t been swamped when a nearby reservoir had begun to overflow from rain a decade or two ago. The road to it was washed out, but not a footpath on the other side of the small hill that it sat on, in what had been some sort of warehouse at one time. The packed dirt path branched off from another unused trail that had carried cyclists during the heyday of auto traffic on Mass Ave. Now it was weedy and the asphalt broken, but not far once you got to the bottom of the hill from Mik\u8217\'92s building.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The inside wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t what he had expected. He had seen pictures of old time theaters, both movie and play, with their rows of folding seats, their ornate walls and stage, their sloped floors. This had none of that. Instead, he walked into a spartan cubical room, virtually every surface painted black. At the back were small tables and chairs and a snack bar. At the front, a makeshift stage stood about a foot higher than the rest of the room. Dull metal poles traversed the high ceiling, with half a dozen spotlights attached.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He had been worried that other kids from his school would spot him here and he would have to answer awkward questions. Nactors, after all, were usually a little out there. And while he didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t really }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 mind that, they were one of the many things in New Kendall that you wanted to watch how closely you were identified with. But no matter, because most of the two dozen people here were in their 20s and 30s or older. He found a table on the edge in the back, got himself an apple beer, and tried to look like he belonged. He didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t see Nila anywhere.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 A gaunt looking man called Joshua walked out on to the stage and talked about Undone, the play, as he called the vid, that they were going to re-enact.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Undone tells a story you have never heard,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but you know all too well. It concerns ambition, power, and disappointment. If you streamed the vid, you saw a tragedy in which those ambitions are thwarted and an opportunity for humanity lost. In our version, things are a bit different. That\u8217\'92s because Undone is based on a real event which remains shrouded in controversy and mystery, the infamous 2081 attempted crash of the net. While the events portrayed both in the vid and our enactment are imagined, we believe that our version captures the spirit of what actually happened. Without further ado, Undone!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The room went dark for a second and then the stage emerged in a dim light. People walked on and spoke as if they were the characters, although with some exaggeration of speech and action. This must be what plays were like, he thought, never having seen one. He found himself being drawn in as events unfolded. The main character was a corpo named Roger, but Mik was betting he was old Ken Robertson in disguise. He dreamed of bringing eternal life to himself and his family and friends. Someday, he thought, they would all live as software inside some underground supercomputer where no one could harm them.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 About a half hour into it, Mik was still scanning the room for Nila, disappointed that she hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t come. And then she walked out on stage. She was a nactor! Now he paid attention as she and Roger began to argue. Her character was Nika, but he was guessing that she was supposed to be Nyssa, Raefe Epstein Miller\u8217\'92s daughter. Now he was riveted to the dialog.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Nika: And what will happen to me when you go underground?}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Roger: You will do what people have always done \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4  live, grow old, and die.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Nika: From what I hear, our lives will be diminished. You will be taking enormous resources to prolong the lives of a few hundred people. Above ground, we will be working to keep you alive, essentially, and our children and their children, for as long as the puters can keep your consciousness intact.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Roger: What we do will eventually become available to all people. I am just the first. If you feel you are working too hard on my behalf, remember that you are working to ensure that your descendants, maybe even you, will never have to live in fear again. Fear of disease, starvation, whatever it is that you most fear will take you.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s ears were burning. This was not the kind of conversation one heard in public in New Kendall, especially about an icon like Robertson. Nila was prowling the stage, as if she was searching for a reply to Roger.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Nika: No, that\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s a lie. You don\u8217\'92t care at all what happens to the rest of us.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Roger: How dare you! My whole life has been about improving life.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Nika: Roger, you can\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t fool me. I know that your plan is actually to let the rest of us rot, maybe even help that along. You think you and your friends can live in the net while we all fight each other to the death over the remaining habitable areas. But in your arrogance, you never considered that maybe we\u8217\'92re better than that. Maybe we are already learning to live through hardship with each other. Maybe we are calling on the ancient will of our species to survive, not one by one, but together. }
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Roger: I will live for centuries. Someday I will remember this moment when all that is left above ground is the burned out corpse of a dead civilization, dead from a lack of discipline and foresight. }
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Nika: What a brave little speech! When you go underground, there will be a tombstone to keep you there. You\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92ll never get away with this!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nila strode offstage as if off to fetch the army. Other nactors came out and the story moved along. In the end, Roger\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s plot was foiled by a cabal of fugees and hackers. Mik was impressed. A lot of it was exaggerated and corny, but it had gotten his attention. He felt strangely emotional, even though he couldn\u8217\'92t name the feelings. Maybe the night hadn\u8217\'92t delivered a special moment with Nila, but he didn\u8217\'92t feel cheated when the lights came back on. The small crowd was cheering loudly.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You came!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He looked up to see Nila in front of him, still wearing the clothes she had performed in.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Never been to one of these. You were amazing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I really like doing these.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Have you done a lot of these?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93This is my fifth one where I have lines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, so a veteran. Who are all the people in the audience?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, just people who are into this kind of experience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Are they from New Kendall?\u8221\'94 he wondered. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t seem like a New Kendall thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, they\u8217\'92re all locals,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Although now and then people come in from the north and west. Word gets around. But you\u8217\'92re right, it\u8217\'92s not at all a Newky thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He laughed at her abbreviation of the colony name. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Is that New Key or Nuke-y?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 she answered, laughing, too. \u8220\'93I know you have stuff on your mind. I\u8217\'92ve got to change, but then do you want to get out of here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 he said. He sipped his apple beer and waited. Things had taken quite a turn and he had no idea what to expect. Nila was 17 and had been a year ahead of him in school for awhile. At some point, New Kendall moved a second group of employees and their families into the enclave, and the classes had been consolidated so that they were now in the same grade. But she would always be older to him. And weirder. And now, clearly amazing. Hopefully, he wouldn\u8217\'92t embarrass himself with her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And then she was back, very cool in a whole Mekong Survivor look: red Viet short pants over rubber boots, a black bathing suit as a top, and a life-preserver orange jacket. He knew she\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d never wear that to school \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  New Kendall definitely frowned on the whole Swimmer look, no matter that it was the hottest thing on the Net. What did her mom think, though, he wondered.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He followed her out the door and was startled when she took a turn onto a rough path going north, away from New Kendall. She turned around.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You did say you wanted to go somewhere else, right?\u8221\'94 she asked, daring him to clarify that he only meant somewhere other than Modern Times.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, cool,\u8221\'94 he said. She was going to go where she was going to go, so no point in arguing about it. \u8220\'93Where to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a little hill down that way,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing vaguely north. \u8220\'93Pretty quiet. And I hacked my mom\u8217\'92s puter and I know Sec doesn\u8217\'92t send any drones this way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Soon enough, they were perched on a knoll. There was nothing much out this way, but south you could see New Kendall and Cambridge and a glow from Boston.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I like to come out here to just wipe the whole New Kendall thing off,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I guess it used to be called Winchester or maybe Lexington. Kind of nowhere now. The key thing is, Sec can\u8217\'92t find us here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Must be intense with your mom being a Sec officer,\u8221\'94 he said, trying to sound sympathetic.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, kind of,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But my mom\u8217\'92s boyfriend, Larry, is even worse. He won\u8217\'92t even say what his job is but I\u8217\'92m pretty sure he\u8217\'92s like a judge or something. She just does what she\u8217\'92s told, but he\u8217\'92s making the rules and deciding who gets whacked and when.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Whacked? Really? They really kill people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Probably. But I meant more like who gets screwed \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  picked up for questioning, fired, deported, that kind of thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, you\u8217\'92d have to be on your toes around him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I think that\u8217\'92s when I realized, when I was about 15, that I had some empath skills. I\u8217\'92d say something just to annoy Larry and I\u8217\'92d feel this surge of, almost hatred, from him but he\u8217\'92d say something pretty mild. It clicked that I was feeling his emotions but hearing his voice and he was fronting so my mom wouldn\u8217\'92t freak out. She might be a Sec, but she\u8217\'92s also pretty protective of me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So, in other words, your mom\u8217\'92s boyfriend is a sneaky liar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Just that. But after a couple of years of hearing thoughts leaking from people, maybe he\u8217\'92s not that different. Everybody rehearses what they\u8217\'92re going to say, everybody shades what they\u8217\'92re thinking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He blushed. She laughed.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, I\u8217\'92m not scanning your deepest thoughts. That would be creepy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Empathy, like REM, is that something you can teach?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Like, teach you?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I guess, yeah,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Sometimes I feel like I\u8217\'92ve just landed on Earth. So disconnected, you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But give yourself a break, it\u8217\'92s only }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://39FC2F66-91C3-44B2-89CE-CDAED88667FC"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24\b0\i0 human.}}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  "}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I\u8217\'92m good at being human,\u8221\'94 he laughed. \u8220\'93Not too much more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good start!\u8221\'94 she said, as if protesting his lack of self estee. \u8220\'93Look, I can barely tangle myself, I doubt I could help that way. But I just know this week has shook you up and you\u8217\'92re wrestling with what it means for you. So am I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And where are you at with that wrestling? Who\u8217\'92s winning?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Too early to tell,\u8221\'94 she smiled. \u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t think New K is in my future.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. I don\u8217\'92t know what I think. I\u8217\'92m really worried about what work assignment I\u8217\'92m going to get. I couldn\u8217\'92t take too much more shooting at people. Anymore, really. I don\u8217\'92t know what I\u8217\'92d do if I got something like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And there are so many other things you would hate, too. We don\u8217\'92t even know half the fucked up things New Kendall does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Like what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Like sabotage anything that might make it better for everyone else at New Kendall\u8217\'92s expense. Larry was out of his mind over the deal they made with Norcamb. He wants to send drones to wipe them out. They were actually discussing painting some of the building materials with germs to make them all sick. The only reason they didn\u8217\'92t is that REM was clever enough to point out to them that its actually a good deal for New K to dump shit from the teardowns in Cambridge. It\u8217\'92s close and cheap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I mean,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to be in that conversation. I\u8217\'92m happy we live in a dry place and aren\u8217\'92t starving. But those people on the other side of the river are desperate. Eventually, they\u8217\'92ll get sick of seeing our towers up on the hill while they\u8217\'92re drowning in swamps. I would.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So come with me,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93To where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hudson\u8217\'92s Bay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not what I was expecting. Why there?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a whole new world. It\u8217\'92s been untouched for tens of thousands of years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Right, so now we can screw that up,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 she shot back. \u8220\'93People are headed up there to make sure that doesn\u8217\'92t happen. Get on the land before the Ken Robertsons of the world do, Do it right \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  work with nature, work with the indigenous people. Start something completely different, something humans could be proud of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He stared at the glow in the south. Ten minutes ago, he had been wondering if they were going to kiss. Instead he was getting an invitation to change his entire life with someone he really didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know that well.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a risk for me, too, you know,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I like you to talk to and all, but I don\u8217\'92t know you anymore than you know me. I just thought, hey, neither one of is going to fit in here. Maybe having a friend would make it easier to start over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He felt that she had thought this through, not him, just the part about never going to fit in. That she knew it wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t even worth trying to make a go in New Kendall. It was never going to work, so why waste time?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good, you can understand what I\u8217\'92m feeling,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Are you\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, I can\u8217\'92t tangle with you. It\u8217\'92s just that all of our minds leak stuff and I guess I\u8217\'92m a bit of an amplifier. So you got a small dose of what I was feeling. Like when you feel like you can vibe someone, \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  sometimes you actually can do that, we all can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re so sure of things. I wish I was. I don\u8217\'92t know if I can just pick up and go like that. It seems like jumping out of an airplane, or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, think about it, but don\u8217\'92t tell anyone. Not anyone, not even Junior. You just never know in New Kendall. But I\u8217\'92m not going tomorrow. I have to make plans and learn more and so on. We have until the summer before we get shipped off to our work assignments. So I\u8217\'92ll be gone by late spring, most likely. Should we head back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They walked back home, talking shit about their friends and teachers, like they were sitting in school at lunch. They came to where she went to her house and he went to his. He started to give her a quick hug but she pulled him toward her and gave him a kiss he would remember.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And I do like you, you know?\u8221\'94 she said, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Likewise,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Talk to you soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Well, he hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t embarrassed himself after all. What a surprising night! And there was no one he could tell about it.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}