{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 With the tunnels shut down, and the investigation of the Casino construction in the works, Agent Delacroix gathered teams of agents, forensic personnel, cadaver and drug dogs, and ground penetrating radar. \
The suffocating heat of another day exacerbated the already high expectations. Word had gotten out. Town\'92s folk lined the edges of the field, held back by State Police. \
Experience had shown that the cartel buried money they couldn't launder fast enough. But families looking on with expectant faces did come for the stashes of money, but for the hope of bringing their loved ones\'92 home. \
Eleven bodies in total. On one hand, the families of seven of those men exhaled relief; their husbands, brothers, or sons hadn't abandoned them. But on the other hand, grief overwhelmed them. They\'92d never see them alive again. \
I stood with the families. We watched as FBI forensic teams lifted body after body from the ground, placed them in black bags and carried them away. Muffled sounds of tears punctuated with wails of grief accompanied each find. With no more hope, their anger, hardened by time, melted into desperate mourning. \
\
It took days for the identities to be confirmed by dental records. Angel walked out of the hospital as I arrived to take Aiden home. Jeb had another day. \
"Angel. Your dad. I'm so sorry," I said. \
"At least now we can bury him," said Angel. "But you, you've lost the most. Your Pa, your Ma, Bobby. You know the families are getting together and having a mass funeral for the seven men from town, and your family, right?" Angel said. \
"I heard," I said.\
"Someone donated the cemetery plots. Will you be there?" said Angel. \
"I don't know..." I said. \
"You have to be. If not for you, they\'92d be digging up more dead men. Mom, Maricela and I couldn\'92t bury my dad, none of us could. You've gotta be there." }