{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Shit, Raefe thought, we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not ready yet!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He had definitely felt something probing Nila\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. Some thing, too, not someone. He had tangled with aliens across the galaxy, and thousands of people at once many times. But he had never felt a thing, not a living thing, some kind of machine, in the waveform. It was a harsh sensation, broad and unfocused, gritty and irritating. He had a sudden memory of being a little boy and getting sand in his bathing suit, having to ride home feeling it chafe him. This was the mental equivalent of sand in your crotch.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He found Des and played him back the sensation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, man, that\u8217\'92s ugly!\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93Your thinking this was some kind of scan New Kendall was doing to find tanglers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No idea,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93All of a sudden I could feel it brushing up against her mind. It wasn\u8217\'92t strong, though. I think they weren\u8217\'92t close. Tosh is going out to pick her up and bring her to Cambridge. I don\u8217\'92t think she\u8217\'92ll be safe in New K. My gut tells me they are going to try and take any tanglers off the board up there, at least the ones who don\u8217\'92t work directly in this covert op.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you put a few people along the border, widely spaced, and they can sense what you did, we may be able to triangulate where they are, and how many.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe relayed the thought to Alyn, who lead their informal security force. Usually they just dealt with local people who were having a crisis and acting violently or dangerously. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d have to brief her soon, but for now, they could monitor things.,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what do we do if they come across the river?\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the thing. They may not need to \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they may be able to project from where they are. I think that\u8217\'92s what those helmets are for, to amplify and direct their thoughts. We\u8217\'92ve been working on countermeasures here. Some require hardware and we don\u8217\'92t have time for it. But we can also fight them by having multiple people focus their thoughts on the tanglers from New K and messing with them in certain ways. It will at least neutralize their attempts to fry people\u8217\'92s brains.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That would be good,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93What do we need to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For now, just make sure you have maybe 20 tanglers ready. I have to figure a few last things out but I should only need an hour. Then I can download the whole concept to all of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hope we have an hour,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me, too,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93Meanwhile, stay off the main waveform. Did you show Tosh what you showed me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, he got it right away,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good. Just communicate that way for now. He can relay to other people on the main waveform if needed. I doubt they know his signature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need an hour. When it came down to it, as soon as word got out that he might be in danger, nearly everyone in Cambridge who could entangle was available. Tosh created a central core of the 20 people Des had wanted, but they each were connected to many more people, thousands in all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But it was little more than an hour before the attack happened. Raefe began to feel something probing him. It wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t quite like when someone tried to find him to communicate \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  there was something more one-sided and blunt about it. But, yes, someone or something wanted to find his mind\u8217\'92s signature. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Only it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really a two way street. Raefe had already let Tosh know on their side channel. Tosh watched and felt, too, that this new vibration in the waveform was odd, but strong. And then, suddenly, it began to ramp up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve found me,\u8221\'94 Raefe said to Tosh. \u8220\'93Time for Des\u8217\'92s protocols.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe let the energy from the attacker flow through him to group of 20. Des had described to them how they could engage the attacker, reflect their energy back to them. They felt the attacker flinch and fall back. But minutes later, the attack resumed, now with a dozen attackers. It was Raefe could do to funnel the energy. More attackers came on, and Raefe struggled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then he felt another mind alongside his, a friendly one, imitating his signature. And then another, and another. Soon a few dozen minds, none he recognized immediately, were drawing off the initial attacks and funneling them to ever more people. New Kendall threw more attackers in, but to no avail. In what seemed like an eternity but was only five minutes, the Cambridge entanglers had exhausted New Kendall\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hit squad. They left the waveform abruptly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time in many years, Raefe felt thousands of people joined together, celebrating. The waveform swelled with the joy of a common victory.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you all!\u8221\'94 Raefe broadcast. \u8220\'93I know that most of you are unknown to me. Today New Kendall tried to turn our empathy against us, to use machines to overload us and, literally, to fry our brains. You were all brilliant. Some of you did things I didn\u8217\'92t know could be done. New Kendall will be back, of course, but for now, we have shown them that in empathy, there is strength. Most of all, we have reminded ourselves of that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not just empathy,\u8221\'94 a voice replied. It was Ines, from Norcamb. \u8220\'93Community, too. We join your sound, we create something more than one person can do, no matter how loud.   They can\u8217\'92t handle that noise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe had not realized that it was people outside of Everywhere who had turned the tide. He realized that he had stopped thinking of Everywhere as everyone years ago, that he had lost hope for it spreading much farther.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Everywhere, we all look up, but it\u8217\'92s not for everyone,\u8221\'94 Ines said just to him. \u8220\'93Dance this moment we\u8217\'92re all together. We look deep into it later \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  much to talk about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He felt the thousands of people all around him, reveling in the first day of good news in many days. He felt their pride and determination. He remembered how it had felt in Dadaab, all those years ago, the same mixture of empathy and hope. That was the thing about empathy \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  connection and misery could amplify the misery, sometimes. Connection and hope, though, was a powerful brew. There was much to explore here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The waveform slowly returned to its normal buzz as people went back to their daily lives. He reached out secretly to Des.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You watched all of that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93It was much more effective than I had hoped. None of our people were hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And New K?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re getting mixed signals,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93I think some of their equipment overloaded. Maybe some of their people, too. I think they\u8217\'92re trying to sort that out. It may be some time before they understand what happened to them \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  but we\u8217\'92ll keep monitoring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But will they take this as a warning or a challenge?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that\u8217\'92s the question. And something new happened with us, didn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and not from Everywhere. Some of the fugees who tangle have evidently learned skills we don\u8217\'92t have. They\u8217\'92ve been in touch \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they want to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exciting! You\u8217\'92ve not had the best of relations with them, eh?\u8221\'94 Des asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But not the worst, either,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Maybe there can be a meeting of the minds, pun intended.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed,\u8221\'94 Des laughed.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}