{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri Light;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red91\green155\blue213;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \keepn\fi288\sa160\sl259\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Chapter 11}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron stood on her balcony, looking out over the flooded canyons hundreds of meters below. Day was coming to A\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92Nonto. The breeze brought the first hint of warmth from Prime\u8217\'92s dawn to her face, and decorated the water with a dance of foam, pink in the sun\u8217\'92s rising red light. Higher in the sky, the Twins still shined orange against the black of space. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled, thinking of the stories the ancients had about their sky. Prime was Mother, and the Twins were First Father and Second Father. The planets were their children. They thought the Fathers were doing a mating dance with Mother, and that the children were approaching her for food.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 How could she convey to her cadets what pre-enhanced beings were like? Without that understanding, they would fail in their mission, even with species that were highly scientific, if not yet enhanced. They would not understand what it was like to live entirely in the physical world. They understood emotions and myths \endash  enhancement didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t obliterate that \endash  but they wouldn\u8217\'92t really understand the power that either had over the civilizations they would observe and work with.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Today was the start of her term with them. Like all her colleagues, she took part in training new recruits from some of the 11 other species that were currently active Guardians. Some terms came and went, but this term she could share with them her experiences with Raefe. These months of first contact and nurture were often the most delicate, and for them to be able to witness and discuss would be particularly useful to them when they had to do this themselves.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Her group included eight who were A\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92Mopto, her species, and so were here on this world. Normally, that didn\u8217\'92t matter \endash  all the cadets entangled and their physical presence was irrelevant. She was going to shake things up though. Her time with Raefe had made her realize that certain things had been lacking from their training regimen and she was going to try something new. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Prime was full now, the sky a soothing pink, and the Twins hot orange spots in the distance. A\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92Nonto\u8217\'92s brothers,  B\u8217\'92Nonte and C\u8217\'92\u8217\'92Noono, were in night now. Soon they would perform their complex dance across the day, the changing light powering the thermal cycle that all life on the planet lived by. Today, there would be one window of almost two hours that she thought would be just perfect for her class. This was going to be fun!}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 A few hours later, she dimmed the lights in her quarters and sat upright and alert. She found the wormhole interface network and felt herself join the stream. She found the thread that was her class and soon could feel the 48 other minds that were her students. All would be from the six surface dwellers among the Guardians. The three marine species and the two underground species would each train in their own clusters, at first. For all of these cadets, this would be their first experiences with extended entanglements with other species. Long experience had shown that the sensory differences between different living modalities could be too much for some rookies. Later, though, they would all experience each species\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92 sensorium. It was vital to developing broad empathy for other lifeforms.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She led them through very basic exercises to be able to identify each other\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s consciousness, to send and receive messages. They were bright and quick and took to it at once. They were ready for the next step.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent! You have all prepared well and will have no trouble being part of this training group. But when you are done with training, and begin the long work of Guarding, you will be working with species that can only communicate in a limited way with you. More importantly, most of you will work with species that have no connection to the stream, or can\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t control what little connection they have. They live in the world all of our ancestors lived in, whether that was 10,000 years ago, as the A\u8217\'92Mopto, my species, did, or one million years ago as you Alaxazayawa did, or only 700 years ago, as the HooHooHu did.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And that world is one dominated by unenhanced experience of whatever original biologic senses your assigned species have. Maybe they will have some electronic or mechanical aids \endash  mine have computers, books, videos, audios and other means \endash \endash  but even those they experience through the senses.\u8221\'94 She gave them a brief glimpse of what Raefe saw in all these media. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Wow!\u8221\'94 one of the cadets exclaimed. \u8220\'93These forms are strangely devoid of information, yet so energetic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, everything is sound and color, with no appreciation for frequency and wavelength,\u8221\'94 another thought.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But hard to ignore,\u8221\'94 a third added. \u8220\'93And impossible to turn off, at least some of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we can feel the two most important things about these experiences,\u8221\'94 Aleron replied. \u8220\'93Yes, they are unenhanced \endash they don\u8217\'92t have the data context that helps them to understand what they are experiencing. So much more than us, they must process over time \endash  sometimes long periods \endash  to penetrate the surface of their own experiences. Perhaps most importantly, up to 100% of the content of these documents and images are emotional. You will find that \u8216\'91impossible to turn off,\u8217\'92 too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What emotions can they have about something they don\u8217\'92t understand?\u8221\'94 asked a student.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You are asking that because you can get to the truth about so many things in a millisecond and then you can form feelings based on how that truth meshes with what you already know and feel. Maybe you don\u8217\'92t always do that, not actually, but you feel that you do. Not so for the unenhanced and unentangled. And this is one of the most important aspects of their lives you must learn to resonate with.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Because early in every species life, neither the individual nor the species can always wait until they have learned the truth in order to act as they must to survive. So most young species develop a complex system of parallel, intertwining and recursive logic and emotion. To put it simply, ideally they act emotionally, analyze the results logically, and modify their emotions accordingly in an endless cycle. Realistically, emotions can be hard to change, truth hard to find, and yet they still must act to survive. So sometimes they act counter to their true survival needs. That is the primary cause of the failure of intelligent species to survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She could feel their confusion. They had been raised exactly to mesh emotion with thought, to mesh their own perceptions with others. They could not contemplate a life without constant iteration and refinement of their own ideas, a life where blind action was frequently required.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But today we are going to tackle something much more basic \endash  the physicality of young species. You are all enhanced, you live a rich life full of sensor input and data augmentation. We know that we are still primarily based in physical sensation, and so we each honor that in various ways that help keep us sane and balanced. My species still consumes physical food on occasion. We give birth. You each have your own ways.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93On my world, we play games where we throw a ball and try to hit a target. Some like to do it with very little help from enhancement,\u8221\'94 one of the cadets offered.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s the kind of thing I mean. But you do it for amusement, or maybe out of sense of it being somehow healthy. I want you to consider what it\u8217\'92s like for those who live solely in that way \endash  for species where throwing a rock is how they kill prey for food, for example. Until you can begin to see that,  you will have a lot of trouble establishing rapport and understanding the individuals you contact and work with. But we are going to help you fix that!}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I will tell you a bit of the story of my world, in the way that my ancestors would have told it. Learning origin stories is vital to understanding some of the deep suppositions any species have, so we\u8217\'92ll start with mine. And then we will perform a ritual that marks entry in the adult world for my species.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93First, there was a brood of three, a female and two males, who lived in the sky. Mother, was bigger than the other two and often bossed them around and took their food. So First Father and Second Father flew a bit away from Mother to avoid her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But First Father flew back to Mother and she gave birth to a female and two males as well -- A\u8217\'92Nonto and her two brothers,  B\u8217\'92Nonte and C\u8217\'92\u8217\'92Noono. When First Father flew back to Second Father to tell him the joyful news, Second Father grew jealous. The two Fathers fell to fighting and have been circling each other ever since.  They neglected their duties to bring food to Mother.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So so the younglings never grew and became bright and large, like Mother. Instead, they had to stay in Mother\u8217\'92s nest, forever circling around each other. Still they did grow some, and A\u8217\'92Nonto, in particular, became very beautiful. Mother was red and big, and B\u8217\'92Nonte and C\u8217\'92Noono were small and reddish, but of course not glowing like Mother. But A\u8217\'92Nonto had many colors and textures. She was covered with plants of many colors, and blue water, and brown rocks.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93One day, Second Father, still jealous of First Father\u8217\'92s offspring, could stand it no longer. He saw a family of comets passing by and hurled them at A\u8217\'92Nonto. He wanted to hurt Mother\u8217\'92s prize baby. The comets crashed on A\u8217\'92Nonto, making giant cracks in it, and filling them with the water from the melted comets. When it was all done, A\u8217\'92Nonto had lost much of her beautiful coat of plants.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93All the creatures on A\u8217\'92Nonto ran for the highest ground. They saw that all the land where they had found plants and hunted animals were under water. What remained were water-filled canyons, with steep sides and slippery precipes and small caves for them to live in.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 What would they eat? Sandicar, who was young and brave, saw the silver flash of fish in the waters all around him. He dove off the cliff and caught a fish in his mouth. He climbed back up and showed it to the others. Soon, the A\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92Mopto became a diving and fishing species. Catching the fish wasn\u8217\'92t hard \endash  the A\u8217\'92Mopto are fast swimmers and have strong jaws. But climbing back up the cliffs was hard and dangerous. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93One day, Second Father disappeared \endash  he was nowhere to be seen. Shortly thereafter, a baby was born whose skin crossed from her back to her arms. When she was old enough to dive, she jumped off the cliff and spread her arms. The air held her up \endash \endash  she could fly! Second Father felt bad about what he had done and gave the A\u8217\'92Mopto a gift. At first, the flyers worked for the rest, but after many generations, all A\u8217\'92Mopto has become flyers, as we are today.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93In my culture, this is our central myth, our central story. We never have fully escaped seeing things through that lens. And we never have fully lost the desire to jump off a tall cliff and fly. In fact, to prove that, my parents named me Aleron, the same as the female who first flew.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The species you will work with, there sense of these stories will be much stronger. So I want you to understand the power of your bodies, as they will understand and dwell in the power of theirs. Later we will do the same with emotions.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My fellow A\u8217\'92Mopto cadets and I will enact the coming of age ritual of repeating the original Aleron\u8217\'92s first flight. We have done this ourselves when we were young, and we had to do it without using enhancement. We will repeat that today, with the exception that we will remain entangled with you. As we return, we will restore some of our enhancement, so that you can understand the speed and power of what we are doing in the usual way. But I urge you to pay most attention to the first part of the flight.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She left her quarters and met the others at the end of the hall, where there was a great ledge overlooking the water. They lined up on the ledge in the customary three ranks of three, with Aleron in the front middle, and next most senior two on her left and right. She let them see the flight path in her mind. They stood for a few seconds, letting the wind fill their extend arms. In threes they ran off the ledge, letting the air currents fill their armwings. Their minds joined with each other, so that the whole group could see what each could see. The other cadets joined with them, too. Each of the flyers absorbed their share of the other cadets, so that the cadets could feel both the individual and group sensations.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It was a beautiful day for a First Flight ceremony. Prime bathed them in warm light, the air currents coming up through the canyon walls were strong but steady. If they had looked up, they would see the Twins and one of the other planets. But their eyes were straight or down, watching the water. She let the all the cadets feel how their arms instinctively made continuous movements to keep them aloft. How occasional breezes buffeted them, sometimes triggering a squirt of fear, and then recovery. Even without enhancement, they could see far and clear as small flashes of silver marked where schools of fish swam below.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled and her fellow flyers knew what was about to happen. Without warning, Aleron tucked her arms in and kicked her feet, releasing the smaller flaps of skin tucked between her three large toes. She used these small wings to guide her descent. All nine rocketed downward in formation, now moving at over 100 kilometers a second. At 20 meters above the water, she led the first rank into a steeper final dive. The second rank passed over them, and the third rank passed over the second rank.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s rank hit the water with arms and feet together, plowing into the back of a school of fish. She felt her mouth close around a good sized fish before her legs went under the surface. The school lurched forward, only to be hit by the second rank. The third rank hit a second later. Within seconds, all nine had caught a fish large enough for one meal for one person.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They arched their backs, extend their toes, and let their momentum carry them above the surface. A kick and a surge of their arms launched them just high enough to repeat the motion in the air, and then they high enough to catch the first air currents.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They headed to a ceremonial site on the far shore of the canyon. She turned her attention to the rest of the cadets. They were a little stunned \endash  most of them had never experienced this level of unenhanced physical activity. Only one other species could fly at all without technology. And none of the land dwellers had hunted fish, nor had any of them felt the coolness of water break your dive from 100 meters high.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They landed at the ceremonial site. Before the other cadets could reflect more, the nine each killed their fish with their teeth and handed it to another, simulating first Aleron\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s bringing of food for her brood. The others ate the raw fish quickly -- her fellow A\u8217\'92Moptos were not themselves fond of primitive eating. But Aleron chewed slowly, letting all savor the life force in the fish meat, the subtle tastes it had, and the way it felt in her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron swallowed the last little bit.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Now, you have seen what it is like to depend on your body to eat and to battle with other life for survival. So when you meet the species you will be Guarding, remember that this battle for sustenance and life has informed their entire existence. Most of them will be much more advanced, but only recently so. These experiences will be embedded in their culture, their minds, their entire bodies. You can help them to see that they can move forward from this, but you cannot pretend yourselves nor ask them to pretend that they can ignore these experiences and impulses. You can only ask them to harness these for new survival challenges.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And when you come to doing that, then you will fully understand the joy and beauty of guardianship. And you will be truly enhanced.}}