{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 A promising planet}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 September 8, 2048}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon was in a hurry to prepare for his session with the new class of cadets. Even after hundreds of years of welcoming them, he still got just a little nervous about starting them off on the right foot. He tried not to interrupt her work too much \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he knew certain people were ready to make a scandal of their budding relationship. But it wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hurt to see how Aleron was doing with her projects. He always got a kick out of her enthusiasm.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How odd, he thought as he saw her sitting still in the inner ring around the pulsing energy of the wormhole interface. He touched her mind lightly, politely, so as not to startle her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you the diligent one,\u8221\'94 he let her know. \u8220\'93Coming right to the source.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You give me too much credit,\u8221\'94 she said, speaking out loud. \u8220\'93You may recall that you assigned me to monitor Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I do remember. The civilization doggedly stuck in Optimization, yet showing a small but definite promise that it may progress to Balance, where it would likely flourish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Precisely. Until now, though, I have barely been able to sense them unless I am here, receiving the pure signal. Just now, my most promising entangler, a young human named Raefe, was almost killed, in a flood. Many were. I fear for him \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  their civilization is trapped in the classic downward spiral of crisis. Those with the power to change things delude themselves and use their power to protect their own narrow interests.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Our work is hard. We have failed with many species, and they\u8217\'92ve perished. Even when we succeed with a species, we always have to consider that at some later date they may revert and become a serious threat outside their own star systems.  But I sense that what troubles you most is the fate this Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He has a hard life. He experiences his own gift as an affliction, and he sees himself as weak and useless. But now something interesting has happened. The shock of near death allowed his mind to open up. And now he feels himself being flooded by connections. This will either elevate him or drive him mad.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Keep me informed. Next week is the Guardian Council meeting. At the very least, let\u8217\'92s talk about it there. Now I have to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}