{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f1 //Todo/** add either at end or next scene something about how Bobby got away and how he feels. \

\f0 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f1 The afternoon sun penetrated the back slump block wall of Jeb's store heating up the back room where Mo and El Brutal stood towering over Bobby and Aiden seated at the table. \
"So that first note was no joke," El Brutal said drilling daggers into Mo's eyes. "We'd just dropped $750k at the cleaners. Someone's going to pay." El Brutal slammed Susie's original threat on the table. \
Both Mo and El Brutal starred at Aiden. \
"What? Why are you looking at me. I warned you the FBI was on the way."\
Bobby glanced down at the note with its creepy cut-out, tapped letters. \
"So you did," El Brutal said flatly. \
"Wait," Bobby turned the note toward him. "The note demands the return of Bee?" Bobby looked up. \
"Susan and Bee," said Mo. "Why? Does that mean something to you." \
Aiden gave an almost imperceptible shake of his head to Bobby realizing Bobby could blow everything. \
"Well," Bobby looked down at the note again, Aiden could see the wheels spinning and had faith that the con man could smell a con, "Susan is David's wife, and Bee is his daughter." Bobby nodded affirmatively as if putting a period on his statement. Aiden's heart slowed to normal; Bobby had not mentioned Suzie, or outed Bee. \
Before anyone could process the information Mo's truck alarm started to blare. At first, everyone looked around as if accusing the other of setting of the alarm. Then Mo rushed out followed by Bobby, Aiden and El Brutal. Once outside, heads swiveled searching for the culprits, but none were found. Mo inspected the truck for damage. \
"No damage," Mo announced, still inspecting the car. \
"Turn the damn alarm off you idiot," El Brutal said. \
Mo fumbled for his keys and pressed a button. The alarm ceased. He opened the door to inspect the inside and he saw it. \
Another note, this one was hand written. \
"What the hell is going on here?" El Brutal said. "Read it out loud." \
"...and if this Bee and Susan aren't there by noon, this person, whoever this is, will tell the Feds about our other stores. They also threaten to talk about the stash house and the tunnel," Mo paraphrased the note. \
Aiden watched silently as El Brutal's face turned blood red, veins bulged from his neck and forehead, his fist were balled. "Somebody better start telling me what the fuck is going on here?" \
Bobby took the note from Mo and inspected it. "This is David's handwriting." \
"What? You sure?" Mo said.\
"I've know him since I was born. I'm sure. Besides, look how he spelled XXX. Only David does that." Bobby flipped the note over, and back again. His brow was furrowed, the wrinkles in his leathered face darkened. \
Three teenagers walked out of the bakery across the street, talking fast and laughing. \
"Let's take this inside," El Brutal ordered. \
Bobby and Aiden followed. Bobby mouthed the words, "Can't be" searching Aiden's face. Aiden shrugged unsure what was happening but knew it could have only come from Suzie. \
The wind slammed the front door of Jeb's store. And Mo slammed the door to the back room. \
"The same David you brought us," Mo said glaring at Bobby, "and who hasn't showed up for work the last few nights?" Mo moved towards Bobby. Bobby clenched the arms of the chair. El Brutal stepped between them.\
"Hold up. Let's hear what he has to say, then you can kill him," El Brutal said as if he was ordering a burger and fries.\
Bobby looked up at El Brutal, over to Aiden, then darted to Mo. \
Mo whacked the back of Bobby's head. "So..."\
"That's David's hand writing, that's all." He nodded to the note Aiden was now reading. \
"So where is he, you moron?" said Mo. \
Bobby glanced over to Aiden who held his gaze steady. \
"I thought he was dead." Bobby lifted the note and shifted in his seat. "I thought he was dead." \
"Were you lying to us when you said he was ill, or are you lying now?" Mo placed his foot between Bobby's legs on the edge of the chair, thrusting the chair back two feet. \
Bobby grabbed the sides of the chair. "Damn it, damn it, damn it. I'm not lying, I thought David was dead, I mean he is dead, hell I don't know, I think he's dead\'96\'96"\
"Enough," said El Brutal, slamming his hand on the table. "So why does he think we have his wife and daughter?" El Brutal looked at Mo.\
"No. No way. No one in our crew is behind this," said Mo shaking his head. \
"You better be fucking right," said El Brutal. \
"Where is David now?" Mo looked at Bobby, then Aiden. \
Aiden shrugged. \
"I don't know, I just don't know, I\'96\'96" started Bobby.\
El Brutal threw up his hands. "For fucks sake, shut-up. We know where he'll be tomorrow at noon." \
}