{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Nila had only been far outside of New Kendall\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gates a few times, and all of those were on sanctioned field trips. The teachers tried to scare the kids straight, as they called it, by showing them first-hand what life outside the bosom of New K would be like. The message was clear: fuck up and you\u8217\'92ll wind up living in tents, eating half-spoiled food, fighting for every little scrap, like the rest of the world that was not protected by New K.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her mother was a frequent traveler. Sec people were always gathering in various places to plan whatever shit it was they planned. Once Valoris had let it slip why: they didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t trust the net. They had hacked it many times and they knew that Everywhere had people who could hack them even worse. They had ways to make it hard to make sense of their everyday business, sure. But periodically, Robertson gathered the Security Forces to launch major initiatives, strategic plans that would be instantly useless if their enemies knew of them. And Ken Robertson Jr. had no enemy he hated more than Everywhere, who had thwarted his father\u8217\'92s plans for imortality and near-god-like powers nearly 20 years ago. He would never let them interfere with his plans for New Kendall again. So nothing would be said about this trip on the net.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So here was Valoris on a hypersonic jet to Cheng Mai, her daughter in tow. No way was she leaving Nila alone for a week. Valorie was quietly briefed routinely by the Horizon team on her daughter\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s comings and goings. Sneaking out of New K, hanging out with decadent people like the enacters, provoking her teachers with provocative questions. Horizon told her is wasn\u8217\'92t uncommon for the children of New K officials to act out like this, but Valoris was for sure not leaving her to her own devices for a week. The Horizon team\u8217\'92s job was to spot threats over the horizon \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 both timewise and over the borders of New K\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and they had declared Nila not a threat. But no matter what Horizon said, it would come back to her if Nila did something really stupid. It could come back hard, she could lose everything she had worked years to build.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nila knew all of that but she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really care. If irritating her mother got her a free trip to the Lanna Autonomous Region in southeast China, all the better! Deep down, she was sure her mom would eventually get screwed by New K, no matter what Nila did. Because that was how New K worked \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they sucked you in, got you to do their dirty work, and then threw you away if you fucked up or they just didn\u8217\'92t like you anymore. And then they would tell everyone that they never really bought into Valoris, they always had their eye on her, and they had their eye on anyone else who might sympathize. She almost felt sorry for her mother.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The trip had been short but thrilling. At 4,000 mph, the flight had taken only two hours. It wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t the speed she noticed, but the altitude. At 60,000 feet, the Earth was definitely curved and she could see way to the edge of the horizon, see much of North America in one view, and the whole east coast of Asia soon after passing Hawaii, barely visible from that altitude.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And now she was walking out the door into a very different world. Chiang Mai was in the mountains, almost 1,000 feet above sea level. Far to the south were the remnants of Thailand, now mostly a series of rivers and canals. With too little land to farm, most of the people had come north. The rest had stayed on boats, learning how to live off the vast flocks of fish and crabs now colonizing the giant marshes. That was a no-go zone for New K citizens, home to the Rising Tide faction of Everywhere.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It had been 20 years since China had seized the northern region of Thailand and some adjoining lands in Burma and Vietnam, claiming the people of these regions were really Chinese, spoke languages that were related to Chinese, and belonged in China. India had warned them off western Burma and Vietnam wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t worth the fight they would put up to keep the Chinese out. The Lanna had been a slightly disfavored minority in Thailand, but the Chinese were still seen as occupiers. There was a steady low-level war of words between the local government and Beijing over everything from food to Buddhist temples.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was in these troubled waters that New K had found good business. They sold the Lanna things the Chinese didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t or wouldn\u8217\'92t. They surveilled the Lanna for China in ways the locals couldn\u8217\'92t detect. New K had no interest in occupying the territory as long as it was making money from both sides. So New K bigwigs felt perfectly safe having a sales meeting and employee morale week at an old Buddhist monastery high up on a hill. Only a few trusted locals were there attending to their needs. No one would know that this was actually an important Sec war meeting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That much Nila had learned from eavesdropping on her mom\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s calls, and every once in awhile, sneaking a peek at her thoughts. But what struck her walking off the plane was the dry heat. Even in late winter, it was nearly 90 deg. The rains only came for a few months in late spring now, and the rest of the year, the hills were brown, dotted by invasive desert plants that had hitched a ride on Chinese transports from China\u8217\'92s vast inland deserts. In another century, it would all look like the cactus-filled scrub in one of those old Western movies that she had seen with some of her enacter friends.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For now, she tried to absorb the strangeness of this hot yet dry place as they rode in a strange little half-bike, half-solar-powered car toward the monastery. At home, there was water and green everywhere, too much of it. Here, they would kill to have lakes and streams of fresh water running everywhere. For the first time, it hit her what humanity had done to the world, beyond the petty squabbling for resources that New K and the Norcambs fought out. Her usual simmering resentments gave way to a more anxious bubbling, as it suddenly struck her that she actually had no idea what any place would be like when she was her mother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s age. How could she escape New K if she didn\u8217\'92t even know where it would safe, much less better? She resisted that idea \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she was going to go and going was better than staying and somehow it would all work out. Or not. Fuck it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re awfully quiet,\u8221\'94 Valoris said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just soaking it all in,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Very different than home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Valoris smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Home is very different than most of the world, these days. I hope you appreciate that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, not to worry,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93I know New Kendall is not much like where most people live. I\u8217\'92ve just never seen anywhere so dry close up like this. Things just look different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92ll have plenty of time to look,\u8221\'94 Valorie said. \u8220\'93What are you going to do this afternoon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, just wander around, I guess,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Are there any other kids here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Probably some,\u8221\'94 Valorie said. \u8220\'93There usually are. Maybe they have a meet up for you all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They were at the monastery now, lining up to go through a security check. They were scanned for weapons. There were a bunch of honchos further down the hall shaking everyone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. As they got closer, she realized that the main greeter was Ken Robertson Jr. She had never seen him in person before. He was just a few feet in front now.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good to see you, Val,\u8221\'94 Robertson said. \u8220\'93Looking forward to hearing what you\u8217\'92ve got for us. And this must be your daughter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nila,\u8221\'94 Val said. \u8220\'93Say hi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, nice to meet you, Mr. Robertson,\u8221\'94 Nila said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You, too, Nila,\u8221\'94 he replied. \u8220\'93I hope we\u8217\'92ll be getting to know you better in the coming years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Somehow that just sounded creepy, but she kept her smile firmly fixed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That would be an honor,\u8221\'94 Nila said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then they walked past. So Robertson knew her mother by name. And now her. But her mom? She had only ever thought of her mom as some middle cog in a giant machine. She could feel that her mom was amused that meeting Robertson had kind of thrown her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So that was Ken Robertson Jr.,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Looks just like anyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not,\u8221\'94 Val said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s whip smart and he never forgets anything. Twenty years from now, he\u8217\'92ll make a joke about the look on your face when you first realized it was him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Was it that obvious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, but everyone reacts like that. He gets a kick out of it, don\u8217\'92t worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you work with him a lot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Enough. And now I think we are at our rooms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}