{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 The fruit of the tree}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron was nervous and happy at the thought of a quiet dinner with Salmerikon. Her contact with Raefe and Lina had revealed immense progress for both of them. She hoped he would see this as the beginning of regaining their mission. Telling him would be a way to demonstrate that she had put her reservations about his behavior aside without him having to apologize or her having to admit she had been hasty in doubting his motives. If neither of them could claim the high ground, at least they could gaze toward it together as friends and colleagues.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She looked around her apartment and sent it an image of the space without the front wall, extending the floor out over the canyons below in a sort of patio. At the edges, she thought of a low curving wall with a spongey covering that the two of them could sit against and look at the sky. She realized she was thinking of the dinner in a romantic way and that she wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t even surprised. Anatope had been right, of course. She and Salmerikon had become a couple around the time she had taken the Earth assignment. But they had been casual about it. She had slowly explored him against the backdrop of her excitement about leading the Earth mission. And he had been willing to keep things that way.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Since the incident with Lina, their time together had been strictly work related. But she realized that she missed even their loose arrangement. Did he, she wondered. But her thoughts were interrupted with the sensation of Salmerikon approaching. He wanted to know if her balcony was still the way she had left it the last time he was there. She let him see the changes she had made, and he seemed pleased.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Half a minute later, she could see why. He had chosen to fly to her. She didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t even know he had a flight suit. He swooped down and landed gracefully on the deck, his purple and green colors glistening through the tight mesh of his flight suit.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, what a glorious day!\u8221\'94 he exclaimed. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been to the Rannikan Hills. This week, you can see our brother planets and the sun all at the same time from there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been forever since I did that,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Were the seven-fruit trees blooming?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93See for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 He pulled a sack from a pouch in the suit. There were two of each of the seven fruit. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I hoped you haven\u8217\'92t made dinner yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And this will be much better than what I had been thinking of. I didn\u8217\'92t know you were a forager.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Now and then. Gliding over the Hills, scanning for food, it has a way of clearing the mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She was delighted. Restaurants sometimes served the seven courses of fruit, but to have them fresh-picked during a full sky, the only time these trees produced all seven types of fruit, was a rare treat. She began to let him sense her gratitude, but realized a better way. She cooed the call that ancient females had used to signal their approval of mating displays.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon laughed. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t heard that in hundreds of years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t ask what the last occasion was,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93We should eat them in the ritual order that our ancestors did to thank B\u8217\'92Nonte and C\u8217\'92Noono for shining more of A\u8217\'92Mopto\u8217\'92s light, causing the trees to bloom and flower. And I\u8217\'92ve asked the kitchen to make some asterflower wine to go with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 They made small talk during the meal, not wanting to distract from the sublime and different flavors each fruit offered. They let each other sense their contentment. So they had survived their conflict over Lina. But how would things be different, she wondered.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks so much for bringing these,\u8221\'94 she said when they had finished the last of them. \u8220\'93Very few people understand my love for unenhanced experiences.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Very few people have had them, I\u8217\'92m afraid,\u8221\'94 he responded. \u8220\'93After thousands of years, our own people have grown to be dismissive of their ancestors. They discount them as foolish primitives. They think our progress has come through enhancements alone. And I\u8217\'92m afraid that is true throughout the Guardians of all species. Most of us have crossed a threshold where we are so intimately related  to each other that we are always empathetic. We would never revert to the violence of past eras. But we\u8217\'92ve come to credit our enhancements for that, not our entanglements, which we created originally without enhancements.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You have a wider view then me,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You interface with so many people on and off world. But I see what you say in my students. Recently, I let them experience a bit of life as Raefe does and that is just how they responded. I had to point out to them that their low opinion of humans was exactly the kind of thinking they accused the humans of. I hope I can help them elevate their shame into empathy. Ironically, the humans are just starting to do that themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She told him about Lina\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s discovery of the Citizens of Nowhere.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93This band of refugees has already left behind the worst practices of their civilization without any help from us. They are all very close to being able to entangle. Lina\u8217\'92s presence alone may help them cross that line.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You may be right,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93Strong entanglers can set off a cascade of further entanglement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm. So maybe if Raefe was with her, they\u8217\'92d have a more profound effect on those around them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, most likely. And vice versa \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  Raefe\u8217\'92s abilities still need further development. Being together, in a sympathetic environment, all of that raises the odds that they can ultimately initiate a durable waveform that other people can tune into. More and more will add to it, and if humans repeat the pattern of other species, within  a few centuries humans will have left behind the era when they could not really understand each other, and therefore, not really overcome their differences.  But that is still a long way off. What is he doing now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s involved with a research project that\u8217\'92s trying to understand the relative role of competition and collaboration in human history. \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She explained the complicated commercial arrangements that had led to his assignment as best she could. Salmerikon seemed pleased at how things were going.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, all things considered, they\u8217\'92re both in a much better place to have a significant influence,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93All the more reason for us to not make too much noise in the council about what is going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So it\u8217\'92s come to that?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, for the time being,\u8221\'94 he answered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m still trying to figure out what Hanakori\u8217\'92s end game is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The thought sobered her.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I can accept that we cannot be totally open,\u8221\'94 Aleron said. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a new feeling for me. Our whole lives are nearly transparent \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  we share our very thoughts and feelings. Still I want to tell you that I did something with Raefe and Lina like what your did with her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 he asked, a little alarmed.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe was sent a message that Lina had been kidnapped. He desperately wanted to contact her, but he has never initiated an entanglement with another human, let alone one on the other side of the planet. And she has never been entangled with another human either and barely knows how to use her newfound abilities. So I connected them \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  I advanced their development.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I wouldn\u8217\'92t beat yourself up about it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It was only a matter of a little time before they figured that out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, just what I thought,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But I feel like I have lost something here, some sense of order and rightness by violating our code.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93If it makes you feel better, I feel the same. The truth is, we have lost exactly that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So how are we different, let alone better, than Hankori, if we also break the rules?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93We are not better,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93The entire basis of our civilization and of the Guardians is just that. There is no \u8216\'91better\u8217\'92 among living creatures. There is, however, different. And that can only be measured in outcomes \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  what world do our actions make?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93But that is why we have rules, isn\u8217\'92t it? Because we have experienced terrible outcomes brought on by certain actions, and so we say \u8216\'91never do that again.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we do. We say that to children. And when they grow up, they discover that sometimes following the rule threatens also to lead to terrible outcomes. And then, they must weigh the consequences.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t know the consequences,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, with all of our technology, our accrued wisdom, our success at survival, we are still just people after all. We have to guess at things and do the best we can. There is no scientific reason to believe we will ever know the future before it happens.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Still, the whole business upset me. The humans have a saying,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93\u8217\'92Rules are made to be broken.\u8217\'92Perhaps that is what they mean by it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Your humans are not the barbarians Hankori would like the council to believe,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93His experiences with them were as much about his own failings as theirs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I wondered that, too,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Anatope told me that Hankori\u8217\'92s contacts turned out to be deeply flawed. How could he mistake sociopaths for empaths?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Because secretly he believes that our abilities and knowledge have transformed us into demi-gods. And he mistook the sense of apartness that sociopaths have for a sense of aboveness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She had no words for this. She let him sense her shock and horror, her confusion that one of the leaders of their society and of the Guardians was potentially himself a sociopath. After 10,000 years, how could this happen?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93We are only people. This is the lesson of history and of the Guardians. We are imperfect organic machines, given to paradox and mistake. And the universe? It may obey the laws of physics, but those very laws yield all the chaos and violence of a supernova, not just the beauty of the sunset we are looking at now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron said nothing. She leaned back against the spongey wall, wishing she could bottle the beauty of the many-colored light and use it to clean away some of the ugliness of life. She knew Salmerikon was watching her, feeling her unease.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93The light is comforting, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I feel that same need. Now you see the depth of my dilemma. Think of how shocked you are. You believe me because, well, for many reasons. But will the other Guardians? And our own society? Ultimately, I believe they will, and we will be able to undo the damage,\u8221\'94 he said, his usual determination infused by a passion she had not heard from him before. \u8220\'93 But the coming years will test us. We must be skillful, on the one hand, and yet not let the conflict make us into what Hanakori has become.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Have you found other allies?\u8221\'94 she wondered.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but not as strong as you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She cleared her mind and looked at him. In that instant, she realized that he was telling her, as best he could, that he needed her. That he depended on her youth and her freshness. That these battles he had been waging in secret by himself had taken a toll on him.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I am not as strong as you think I am,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Just as you depend on me to have the spirit and energy to carry on, I depend on you to have the insight and experience to know the way. But I will fly these currents with you, if that\u8217\'92s what you are asking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 And, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 she thought, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 I see that he meant that but more, too. Not just to fly, but to nest. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She responded, humming to encourage him. He stepped forward and his arms enveloped her, as the wings of his ancestors would have during courtship. She put her head against his chest and hummed the mating song.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What a lovely song you sing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She told the room to close the outside wall. Her bed, a modern abstraction of an ancient nest, extended from the inner wall and the lights brightened, as if the sun were shining on them. She shrugged off her clothes, letting all of her colors shine in the brightness, watching as he did the same.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}