{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Winter Hill}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 October 1, 2048}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All Raefe could see in the dawn light was cool fire. The trees on the hills of East Somerville were in full autumn shades. The sunrise tinted the water between the hills with similar colors. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d come out looking for serenity and instead found a vision of a world caught between burning and drowning.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Couldn\u8217\'92t sleep?\u8221\'94 Lina asked. She stood behind him, her arms around his waist. He felt her bushy hair at the base of his neck, her breasts warming his back through his shirt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t sleep in the glamorous Winter Hill Flood Relief Camp?\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Four star cots, world-class rations, best portable toilets for miles around? Why would you think that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, this too shall pass. We\u8217\'92re alive, at least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, thanks to my dreams,\u8221\'94 Raefe answered, dropping the sarcasm. He turned around to face her. \u8220\'93If I hadn\u8217\'92t woken up at 2AM that night three weeks ago, I wouldn\u8217\'92t have heard the sounds of the water rushing in from the harbor. We wouldn\u8217\'92t have made it up to the roof.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But we did and here we are,\u8221\'94 Lina said, holding both his arms. \u8220\'93I lived in refugee camps much worse than this for two years in the South African Republic. We can get through this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because we\u8217\'92ve already gotten through watching the sunrise over an ocean that used to be a mile away and now covers most of where 10 million people used to live. Because no one bothered to maintain the sea wall they built only five years ago after the exact same thing happened to Ireland when the Greenland ice slid into the ocean.\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Because we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve gotten through what  43,000 didn\u8217\'92t, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 he thought, but couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t bring himself to say out loud.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina is silent, trying to choose which path to walk  with him \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  anger, fear, sadness, resignation? }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 So this is what it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s like when you\u8217\'92re 19 and you have to face the unimaginable for the first time, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 she thinks. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Is this how my father felt about me when we left Efricar to go to Sofricar?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because we are 19 and our lives may suck, but they\u8217\'92re ours,\u8221\'94 she says. \u8220\'93And you, my lovely sweet boy who always takes on the suffering of the world, now it\u8217\'92s your turn to look after yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t be as tough as you, Lina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92m some kind of Sim character,\u8221\'94 she sighed. \u8220\'93That my superpower is enduring suffering. I\u8217\'92ve just been here before. And I\u8217\'92m not asking you to be someone else. I love that you can see further than the end of your nose. But trust me, sometimes you don\u8217\'92t want to look out too far \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the view is too scary. Better to put one foot in front of another. We might have to tough this out for awhile. We\u8217\'92re fugees now, like a billion other people. Are you going to be OK?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure what OK means, Lina. You want me to smile and say I\u8217\'92m fine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re not fine.  Fine will come but  not now. But there\u8217\'92s a whole lot of life between \u8216\'91not fine\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91fine.\u8217\'92 Could be most of our lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve disappointed her again. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He sighed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sad but true. I\u8217\'92ll do my best.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Second best will do, too,\u8221\'94 she smiled. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not a test. It\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s cold out here \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  come downstairs and have some of those world-class rations. We\u8217\'92ve got work detail today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After breakfast, their crew trudged down Broadway toward the flood zone. After 3 weeks, the water had receded, leaving most of the streets west of the interstate dry. They went down to their TinyStack a week after the flood but it was ruined, their possessions buried along with Miguel. Thankfully, the Brightstar Defense Services had already removed the corpses. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Raefe could still feel the screams of those who didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t make it. As he replayed the night of the storm, he had come to hear more than just their screams: their shock, their anger, their disappointment as they realized the life they would not lead. Grief is an ocean that still rises over his chest, sometimes he can barely keep his nostrils clear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That night, he and Lina sneak off to an abandoned furniture warehouse the camp residents called The Club. The camp had separate sides for male and female \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  if you wanted to meet the opposite sex, you had to go to The Club. They found a couch in decent shape and dragged it to a dark corner. They made love for the first time since the flood, wordlessly, happily, sleepily.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After, he held her face and kissed her. Holding her, he had a deja vu moment, like they had already been here and it had ended with her leaving him. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know you think I\u8217\'92m a child sometimes,\u8221\'94\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Compared to you, maybe. What upsets me is not becoming a fugee. It\u8217\'92s living in a world of fugees.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Authentic,\u8221\'94 she}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 murmured, drifting off to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Something about the peacefulness of her face dissolved his panic. He let himself drift off, knowing they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d still be together in the morning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}