{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 TechTown}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 February 8, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The train glided to a stop in TechTown, with it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s 40-story glass towers towering over  Cambridge. Several heads jerked upright, their Voices telling them through their fashionably nearly invisible ear implants that it was time to wake the frick up and get off the sooty train and head to their jobs. Shiny little office nerds, nervously tapping their eyeglass puters on. Must check those messages, wouldn\u8217\'92t want to have to look at all the grimey losers on the train.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t afford such fancy gear. Plain old flesh-colored skingel minibuds would have to do on his codetech salary. Right now, he was near the bottom of the food chain: a CodeEngine jockey who operated the software that MiniWorlds used to churn out application code. If he proved himself, he could move up to design and build the software that ran the CodeEngine clusters. Then from there, he could become a softsystems architect, helping design the complex EvoEco virtual ecosystem that evolved all the codes to work together to get anything done. Then he could think about invisible implants, or actually moving to the top floors of those 40-story towers, with their views of the harbor to the East, and the low hills landward. Right now, he was happy enough to look out of his own apartment at the building next door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Or I could stop chasing this foolishness because I know it will all be under water someday if the world doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t smarten up. Someday in my life, not some far distant future in a scifi vid.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And find Lina. Their online exchanges left him aching for her. Not just for the pleasure of her sex. Somedays not even mostly for that. But for the pleasure of their comfort together. For the deep letting go that his body remembered more than his mind. Now even the sight of her words on the screen triggered those memories, and made him long for more.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That would have to wait. He had reached his workstation. There was already a good number of work orders waiting for for him. The usual crap: build a socket for input A to plug into module B, turn a fixed input into a user-adjustable one, and so on. CodeEngine had already downloaded all the parts he would need, but he needed to do some research to find out the full context the code would be used in before deciding exactly which variants of the parts, and in which order, he should use. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The morning went by on autopilot. He worked through his usual espresso break and dispatched his to-do list and sent the results off for testing. The part of him that had survived the tidal wave did better in the mornings. As the day wore on, he grew restless with the routine, so he had taken to front-loading his day with work and rewarding himself with an actual lunch break. No more sipping smoothies at his desk while working. MinWorlds didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t care, as long as they could keep feeding their sim frameworks to their customers, who turned them into finished sims, games, courses or whatever.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After lunch, he would have the results and could make corrections and do final tuning and optimizing. He looked across the wide expanse of the office where all the CodeEngine jocks sat. Nikko was heads down, the furrowed brow she got when she was deep inside the machine. Herbie was leaning back, arms folded, contemplating the screen \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the thoughtful face he used when thinking about non-work items. Roderick was doing that thing with his hands where he would held them high above the keyboard, and hit a key at a time with a motion like he was conducting an orchestra. He always did that when he sent his code off to the test queue. So, at least two for lunch. He sent them a word bubble to meet at 12:10 on the water walk.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe wandered out there, soaking up the early spring rays. He was looking for the Ethiopian food truck \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  close as he could get to Lina. He got a plate of chicken wat and some bread and walked over to the part of the water walk that jutted further out over the harbor. He grabbed a table big enough for three and waited for Herbie and Rod.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What were they thinking when they built this, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 he wondered. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 In 10 or 20 years, this could be underwater. Why didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t they spend the money to build a solar farm or rebuild the grid or anything that would forestall the rising seas? Instead of a nice lunch place for software builders.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, you look deep in thought,\u8221\'94 Herbie said. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, nothing,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Just thinking how life is short on time and long on bullshit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK, then,\u8221\'94 Herbie said. \u8220\'93Is that from your upcoming book, \u8216\'91Raefe Speaks?\u8217\'92 You have been very philosophical lately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess so,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93No one told me that building grunt code would not only make me unrich, but deeply wise. They really should include that in the job posting.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Herbie said. \u8220\'93Seems like so many jobs offer a life of enlightened poverty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Rod said, just sitting down. \u8220\'93Poverty? What do you know about that? You should come with me next time I visit my family in Nigeria.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all relative,\u8221\'94 Herbie said. \u8220\'93What you\u8217\'92\u8217\'92re used to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Herbie, you\u8217\'92re used to whining. Rod,you\u8217\'92\u8217\'92re used to reminding us all that you grew up where oil sludge goes to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 Rod said. \u8220\'93What are you used to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Eating lunch with you two, so that I can soak up the full range of human experience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Talk turned to work \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  which supervisor was the biggest jerk, which single women were at least semi-hetero, which of them might be desperate enough to consider a fellow CodeEngine jock as a sex partner, and so on. Raefe started to tune out during the sex talk \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he had lost interest in pursuing the usual suspects in favor of figuring out how to reunite with Lina. Something Rod said kicked off a series of recollections from other Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, not to break up this highly enlightening discussion of relationship building techniques, but I\u8217\'92ve been meaning to ask you Rod, where again are you from in Nigeria?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ikorodu. It\u8217\'92s near Lagos.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right. And why would I have heard of it before I met you?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You probably heard about the whole mess there with development. The government had this grand plan to create a floating city on Lake Lagos that was connected to Ikorodu. With Lagos having over 30 million people, the government wanted to build housing to relieve that congestion and Lagos is not far away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But they messed up?\u8221\'94 Herbie asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It was a disaster. Corruption, bad engineering, ethnic conflict \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it all came together around this plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Were you there when it happened?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked, now curious.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Most of it, yeah,\u8221\'94 Rod said. \u8220\'93Truth? It\u8217\'92s still going on.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Somebody told me about a guy who was trying to stop it \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Goodstuff Benjamin. Ever hear about him?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rod laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Goodstuff? Everyone knows about him. Everyone has an opinon, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No kidding,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know he was such a big deal. What\u8217\'92s your opinion?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Complicated,\u8221\'94 Rod said. \u8220\'93Goodstuff, he has the right idea. In Nigeria, corruption and screwing up the environment are almost the same thing. In the old days, it was just take the oil and run. Then the big global agripharm companies realized that Nigeria was one of the best places in the world to both get oil and grow crops. So they could integrate the whole chain: take the oil, make fertilizer, genetically modify crops for higher yields. The generals were very happy to help. But Goodstuff\u8217\'92s followers, they were the losers in the process. Their land suddenly had oil wells on it and their water was polluted. Their farms were stolen for a pittance by Monsanto Takeda. The can\u8217\'92t even buy seed anymore without having to buy engineered seed, and that means they have to buy the enzymes to activate it, and they can\u8217\'92t afford that.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But?\u8221\'94 Raefe said, sensing there was another side.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Goodstuff is a talker, \u8220\'93 Rod said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s like the preacher on Sunday. He tells you about the promised land, but somehow, you can never quite reach it. And the generals got sick of his preaching, and they chased him back into the forests in the North. Up there, the jihadis are after his ass, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good taste in enemies,\u8221\'94 Herbie said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I feel like I have to meet this guy, Raefe thought, but how? How was he going to find a guy who was basically hiding from fanatical warlords in rural Nigeria? Maybe Lina would have some ideas. And even though he knew that Nigeria was quite far from Kenya, it was certainly closer to her than Boston. He was going to have to find a way to cross that ocean.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}