{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Mik had told his parents the news and they had taken it well enough. But he knew they weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t finished with him. He had been dreading another Talk About His Future, and making himself appropriately scarce. But they knew he would have to make his final decision this week, and he knew they would find a way to lobby him for their plan for his life. And now that moment had come.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Under the guise of shopping for a suit to wear to graduation, Larry had maneuvered him into a trip to New Kendall\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s one mall. Or \u8220\'93nice for the men in the family to have a day out,\u8221\'94 as Larry put it. Nice for whom, Mik wondered. He doubted his dad really enjoyed this, either.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But here they were, taking the 20 minute walk to the store. Larry burbled on about his fantasy football team leading the league in goals, how clothing sales were up in so many parts of the world, things were getting better, the new century was going to be exciting, and then he just seemed to run out of inane things to say and they walked quietly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So, listen, before we get to the store, I just wanted to make sure you\u8217\'92re set with your choice this week. I know it can be hard to sort it out. If you want to brainstorm, happy to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, dad. I think I\u8217\'92m pretty set on AI interfacer. Like I told you before, it\u8217\'92s something that interests me and I think I could be good at it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to think my son could be good at almost anything,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93And that if the corporation also thinks you\u8217\'92d be good at marketing or logistics, that it\u8217\'92s worth considering why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t tell you that,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93It might have nothing to do with me. Maybe they just need more of those people. They didn\u8217\'92t even give Junior a choice. They\u8217\'92re sending him to learn some Indonesian language just because he looks vaguely like people over there and they\u8217\'92re desperate to crack that part of the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re being a bit cynical there,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure there\u8217\'92s more to it than that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik let it sit. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway, I did think about marketing and logistics. The truth is, I don\u8217\'92t care at all about stuff like marketing. What does it matter who buys what from whom? Really? It\u8217\'92s not like anybody cares if everyone actually has food and clothing \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they just want to make sure the people who buy it buy it from New Kendall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Guilty as charged,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93And why not? If they buy it from us, we know it\u8217\'92s well made, it won\u8217\'92t kill you, and the money won\u8217\'92t go to some warlord somewhere who will use it to buy guns and cause more trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93we\u8217\'92re the good guys\u8221\'94 speech, Mik thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I get that there are bad people in the world, dad. I\u8217\'92m not four years old. But are we always the good guys?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not perfect, Mik. I know you have your criticisms and that\u8217\'92s normal. How will things change if you don\u8217\'92t get involved?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I believed that things would change if people listened to us kids. But I can\u8217\'92t find any examples. We\u8217\'92re the ones who change. We get on the treadmill and the corporation tells us when to run and how fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa, son. Who have you been talking to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No one, dad. And everyone. Lots of people think that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not in my experience. But if you feel that way, how is being an AI interfacer any different? I just worry that you are backing yourself into a dead end because you\u8217\'92ve somehow formed a very negative opinion of things around here. And you\u8217\'92ll just get more frustrated when it turns out to be a dead end. Whereas, if you got involved with more dynamic areas like marketing, you\u8217\'92d get a chance to experience what New Kendall is all about. Be part of something bigger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik weighed his words. One part of him wanted to tell him about the night on the bridge. Another part knew that could spiral out of control and go places he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to know about, much less go to.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t we all part of something bigger anyway? Isn\u8217\'92t everyone just trying to learn how to live in this messed up world that constantly surprises us with unexpected storms, glaciers dropping the ocean, fires, droughts? I already feel that. I just want to do something that doesn\u8217\'92t make me feel like I\u8217\'92m somehow making it worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was hoping that you\u8217\'92d see it differently,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93This is going to be a very important year for us, for the world. There\u8217\'92s a new century around the corner, and we\u8217\'92re trying to turn that corner. All of us. And I was hoping that you would be on the team with me, working hard to, as you say, make things better. I just think it\u8217\'92s going to be exciting and challenging and it would be great for us to experience it together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, Dad, this has nothing to do with you and me. I\u8217\'92m not doing this to make you feel bad, or look bad. I can\u8217\'92t really explain it. It just feels more comfortable to me,\u8221\'94 Mik said, having made up his mind that he was not going to open the curtain on his desire to contribute as little as possible to New Kendall\u8217\'92s drive for world domination.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So your mind\u8217\'92s made up?\u8221\'94 Larry asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mostly,\u8221\'94 Mik said, not wanting to say the part about it was that or follow Nila out of town.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ok,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93I just wanted to make sure you\u8217\'92d thought it through. Well, we\u8217\'92re here. Let\u8217\'92s go get you a suit!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 * * * * *<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tomorrow he would submit his choice, AI interfacer, and it would be done. He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even really know if it mattered. The ocean didn\u8217\'92t care what your job was when it came roaring up the Charles. The old maple grove near Nila\u8217\'92s theater didn\u8217\'92t suddenly start giving maple syrup again just because you came to your senses and chose Marketing. He\u8217\'92d do his job, go home and do whatever. With whomever. It was all to play, and that was more exciting to him than what team he was on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But I couldn\u8217\'92t tell Larry that,\u8221\'94 Mik said, trying to explain his awkward shopping trip to Nila.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I never tell Val or Mitch anything,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92d just use it against me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What puzzles me,\u8221\'94 Mik said, \u8220\'93is how they act so blind. If I have to hear one more time about \u8216\'91the new century,\u8217\'92 I\u8217\'92m going to throw up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nila laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93People used to believe that saints and spirits and all sorts of invisible things were going to save them. Now it\u8217\'92s a calendar. Doesn\u8217\'92t that just say it all?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, like the world\u8217\'92s big problem is that no one knows what day or date it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You should have heard Kenny Junior\u8217\'92s speech. He actually told them that his father was right, that all the people who tried to stop him were just doomsday naysayers, whatever that means. Like it isn\u8217\'92t doomsday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think he really believes all of that or does he just pour it on for the troops?\u8221\'94 Mik wondered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t hear any notes of doubt, let\u8217\'92s just say that,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93And anyway, as long as he\u8217\'92s going to say it and back it up, does it matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Huh. Maybe not,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93What about your folks? Are they pressuring you to join Security?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, because I told them I am joining Sec,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No way!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m not really. But if I told them that, there\u8217\'92d be a drone following me around everywhere. Like instantly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what are you going to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think you know,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik had been dreading this moment. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I guess I do. And I\u8217\'92m not surprised. But sad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can do the same,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice softer now. \u8220\'93It would be nice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It would be,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m just not ready to do that yet. I\u8217\'92m not as brave as you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t feel brave. Furious, desperate, yeah, brave, no. Brave would be getting up at school and asking who wants to come with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s brave that you even think these things. I admire what you\u8217\'92re doing. I just can\u8217\'92t bring myself to face so many unknowns, all at once. Especially after watching those fugees trying to cross the river. It wasn\u8217\'92t just that we shot at them. It was how much they had to risk, just to stay alive. That\u8217\'92s one thing we never learn at New K \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  how to stand on your own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not on their own. They have each other, and Everywhere. We\u8217\'92re more on our own here in New K.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He thought about that. Maybe she was right. But he was actually scared of what would happen outside New K. He really had no idea of how he would make a life for himself outside of the corpo world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But I know you don\u8217\'92t see it that way,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll miss you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92ll miss you. I\u8217\'92ve never known anyone like you. Or felt like I do about you. How long do we have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She shrugged. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who knows? But not long. I haven\u8217\'92t figured it all out, but when I do, it\u8217\'92s best you don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned over and kissed her. Their kiss trailed off. She kissed him on the forehead and stood up, turned around and walked away. He wanted her to stay, he wanted to talk more about this, but he knew nothing would change. He thought of their first kiss and smiled.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}