{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 -- Make sure that reader is aware that bobby picks up Pa - right now reader doesn't understand why Bobby just sits there and leaves.\
-- Evokes the pretender --- line no one doesn't work both use the word boom. \
		-- Fist vs open palm \
-- Wet legs sliding on cheap vinyl seats. \
-- What makes sense, but sometimes the why is a question and motivation don't make sense but could be because out of order. \
\
Jake \
	-- Confused by how the refers to "we"  -- disassociated bee from her in times of stress - might know of bee but wouldn't be doing things.  Why would she be referencing Bee in things like "we got dressed" \
-- Way she acts with Bee, suggestive of Gollum and Smegal are in Lord of rings.  Smegal and Gollum are the same before Smegal got the ring. \
-- Some other reference to bee but not in immediate action, maybe Bee did this yesterday. \
-- I couldn't afford a tire - weird reference to I - maybe ranch couldn't afford \
-- 150 yards to the back yard - what's in between. \
-- Cardboard box - breaks down quickly - wet moldy - put it in a garbage bag. \
-- Hidden from street view - bad reference \
-- Pick up rear tire off the ground. \
-- Not going anywhere because the tire is in the air, not the mud specifically.  Works if I don't need to use that much rain. \
\
-- Also not a lot of rain - what about the second ditch. \
-- \
\
Terry - make the starting of the tractor simple - second nature - probably don't need detail.  \
-- 150 yards - to the yard - but should be end of Back yard \
-- Page 9 - year or so ago, but for years. \
-- First part, laid back, goes for pickup - it picks up an goes. \
--  Page 13 - When she drove off last night = but they had breakfast and moved Ma. \
-- Car doesn't work. Vehicle / pickup / or through the Ford Chevey into gear. \
-- Promise of rain - works well.  Playing up tease of rain, cause her problems and leave is good. \
-- Cow called Betty Vs Betty be con\
\
\
 \
\
\
\
 \
}