{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The focus shifted to Aleron. She felt the overlapping waves of the committee, the patterns of interest, skepticism, affection, hostility. She let her report flow calmly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Ordinarily, I would have told you about the steady progress we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve made with the People. You all know that we had shifted a promising receptee, Raefe, into a new timeline to prolong his development. But unexpected events have just recently taken place that put the whole situation into a different phase.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She gave them her memories of some of her discussions with Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So he is near death?\u8221\'94 Hankori asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fortunately, no. He was, in fact, able to contact another promising candidate, Alton Winchester. He\u8217\'92s not as far along, and so all Raefe could do was get Alton\u8217\'92s mind thinking about the situation, and Alton took it from there. He organized a rescue and got medical care for Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will he return to normal?\u8221\'94 Anatope asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He will return to better than normal. I\u8217\'92ve received an extensive analysis from our medical programs. I won\u8217\'92t bore you with the details of human physiology, but the conflict triggered an intense burst of hormones that  initiated a series of subtle transformations. In short, Raefe\u8217\'92s ability to entangle has increased by an order of magnitude.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, we are glad your charge has not died on you,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93But I think this shows that despite your best efforts, these People can do nothing but harm themselves and each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are quick to judge,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93Let her finish her report.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are right, Hankori,\u8221\'94 Aleron said. \u8220\'93Human society is what you say. It is a long time since you were an ambassador like me. I fear you have forgotten that every society stuck on the brink of self destruction is like them. Including the ones that ultimately cross that threshold and never look back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes, that is always your answer,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93We did it, others will follow. What evidence do you have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Evidence? How legalistic of you,\u8221\'94 Aleron said. \u8220\'93Perhaps do remember well ancient societies, with their endless litigous debates that never seem to care about the truth. I am only giving a report, not evidence. But I will report this: The first thing he did with his new powers was reach and spontaneously entangle with his mate, attempting to heal her wounded psyche.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was what they Guarded for, these moments of hope that they could build on. But she could feel unconvinced opposition in their wave function.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Since your intervention, this one has made strides,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Hanakori conceded. \u8220\'93But he is one of 9 billion. And he has taken baby steps and very slow ones at that.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "It seems slower to us than it does to him," Aleron replied, acknowledging while contradicting. "The more I entangle with them, the more I see the imbalance between their rational and emotional lives, and the consequent slowness with which they come to grasp new ways."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Precisely. And yet they are near the brink again, in his new world. Which makes me wonder why we continue with this Earth," said Anatope. Aleron was not surprised. He and Hanakori had long been impatient with what they saw as lost causes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "But they are making progress," she insisted. "We have seen this before. About 10 of their generations ago, their urbanization process threatened to kill them off in waves of disease. They had no understanding of their own biology. Their medicine was based either on superstition or trial and error. Yet within three generations, they solved the riddle of bacteria, the major threat to them, and have ever since been gradually spreading new practices throughout their societies. And we have other examples. This species seems to work fastest when time is shortest."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I don't see it that way," Hanakori replied. "They are a classic case of a society stuck in the Optimization phase. They have learned much about the physical world, and most of them are in love with the notion that there is a physical answer to every problem. The only significant agents of progress in their society favor more technology, their opponents less or just different technology. At the same time, many of them still engage in magical thinking, refusing to face facts."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Agreed," Anatope said. "They have made little progress in understanding their own inner workings and how their minds interact with these changes they are constantly implementing. And what progress they have made seems entirely focused on each individual. From your reports, I see no evidence that they have come to understand in any deep way how their individual natures, small group natures, big group behavior, and species behavior interact. They constantly replicate mistakes of the past, each time with more optimized technology. We know this is the path to self-destruction."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, we do," Aleron agreed. "If it were not true, we would have no mission there. But now we have a catalyst in Raefe, and a other promising individuals who are only slightly behind him, who are beginning to break through to a new paradigm. We have succeeded with such allies before with other species, many times. The simulations still allow for a reasonable chance of success.  I ask only for patience."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You ask for more," Anatope responded instantly, as if waiting to pounce. "You ask for energy to maintain the entanglement, indeed for more and more to spread it. You ask for more Guardians."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I ask what all Guardians have always asked for," she replied. "That we spend our time and energy as needed to save life and nurture it to sustainability. What better use do we have for our time and energy?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She was puzzled. Once again she had felt the hard edge of judgment from Hankori's cohort. They often came dangerously close to talking about "worthy" species, an idea she thought the very opposite of what being a Guardian was. It was an old idea that plagued many advanced species, who found it hard to resist looking at intelligent life that was millennia behind them in development as pets, or worse, garden plants, to be tended until they became boring, or worse still, pests to be eliminated. Shedding that notion was one of the key steps to becoming a Guardian species, but it was never shed all at once, or for all time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But Anatope's bunch had never made an argument based on resources. Why now? Her effort with the People was one of thousands underway by hundreds of Guardians, each of which consumed a relatively small part of the energy they were able to extract from the vacuum. Why pick on her or her project?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Even as she pondered this, she could feel a shift in the wave function.  Salmerikon, always encouraging her, now felt stern. But she could feel Anatope shrink, too, from him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We are not here to debate whether we are Guardians," Salmerikon said flatly. "We are only ambassadors, and we must carry out the will of all of our kind to be Guardians. Anatope, Hanakori, you are free to raise the wisdom of guardianship with the Whole. In the meantime, our choices with any species we are Guarding are limited to how we may help them, not whether. And now I think there are others who have news to report, as well."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}