{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was dark, but he could sense most of the people in the encampment, like small candles through heavy fog. Some sputtered with fear, some burned hot with anger, many flickered dully. Ah, there was Davis. Raefe had suspected that he was a tangler and now he could feel a weak connection. Davis didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t notice. Raefe would deal with him later.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now he wanted to find Lina. He searched the camp. There! He started to run to her and realized that he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t move. His eyes were closed. He seemed to be lying down. Was he dreaming? Unconscious? He felt panic rising through him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He calmed himself, trying to read her energy. She was hurt, but he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t tell how badly. She needed help and he needed to figure out how to help her. He shut out all of the other minds, letting hers fill more and more of his awareness. She was in a tent with two other women. They were awake, talking quietly. He felt Lina tense as one of the other women poked at a wound on her face. Changing a dressing, that\u8217\'92s what she was doing. He didn\u8217\'92t know how he could know this, but he knew it, as if he was blind and Lina was telling him what she was seeing, only she was telling him silently.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He let his mind spread farther and deeper, wrapping himself around her. He could feel where he would tangle with her, if she could. He remembered being touched there by Aleron, the feeling of having her mind pass through his without actually touching him. Schools of fish, that was how it had felt. He thought of one of the reefs in Miami, and pictured himself a school of silver jackfish and Lina a school of blue parrotfish. He felt himself glide through her, the mental tendrils of his school brushing past her many small tendrils.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It worked! He could feel her thoughts now, swim among them, feel the currents she created as if she, too was swimming through him. It wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t easy, though, and he forced himself to be patient, to let her currents wash over him, and let his mind feel them and understand what they meant.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could feel time passing, but had no idea of how much. Slowly, discrete memories and thoughts assembled themselves. She was hurt, but she was breathing OK. She could walk. She was full of rage and fear. He had been hit with the rifle butt and knocked unconscious. Shit, that had been two days ago. She thought he was in a coma, she was deeply concerned about him, her thoughts cycling like a hamster on a wheel, building up momentum.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He sunk into more memories and was horrified.  While he had been lying here, she had been beaten and then raped. He had to help her but how? He untangled from her. He couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t control his mind anymore, do this delicate dance. He let his thoughts scream, he felt like a thousand watts of angry electric guitar, wailing into the night air.}}