{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Voodo Redux}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 June 2, 2049}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i1
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Meal time at Dadaab was always interesting. Some of the men would not eat with unaccompanied women, some of the women agreed. Others deliberately ignored the old traditions. Raefe had noticed that this caused some friction.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you ever talk to that man in green turban?\u8221\'94 he asked Lina, pointing to a man sitting by himself rather than near sit with women. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He won\u8217\'92t speak to me, since I\u8217\'92m not married,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Maybe now that you\u8217\'92re here, he will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to say his next thoughts out loud. \u8220\'93Can you sense his feelings?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she thought. \u8220\'93He is a closed door to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder if we can change these attitudes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They are changing, but so slowly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mean by the usual way of arguing and debating. What if he could understand your feelings, my feelings, and see that we are not a threat? That you are here just because you are a person, not a temptation sent by God or devils?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think it will be that simple. For these men, power over the women of their little villages was the only power they ever had.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And at what cost?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To them? I see where you are going \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  their ways could never keep them safe and now that\u8217\'92s perfectly obvious. This is really the heart of it, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Still,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93What difference will gaining empathic powers make? Maybe I mean, how will it make a difference? What would we do if he would let us connect? What would we want him to do if he could entangle with anyone? It\u8217\'92s frustrating sometimes, to have this ability and not know what to do with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Their thoughts were interrupted by someone standing behind to Lina.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you mind if I sit with you?\u8221\'94 the man said, pointing to the empty space on the bench.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please, sit down,\u8221\'94 Raefe waived. The man looked vaguely familiar, odd considering the circumstances. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you are the American,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93I was born there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Really? How long did you live there?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Until my early twenties. Then I moved to Nigeria. Allow me to introduce myself \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Alton Smith.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe Epstein Miller. And this is Lina Kawambai Yang.\u8221\'94 He could feel that Lina remembered him, too, from Truro Island. He felt like he was looking at a ghost.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pleased to meet you, Lina. I see you are another African Diaspora child. My mother was Nigerian, but she married a Latino man from the Carribean who worked on the oil rigs in Nigeria. They left that hellhole and went to the Dominican Republic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, I\u8217\'92m more part of the Chinese Diaspora,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93My father came to Kenya to work and here I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh well, we are a mobile lot, we humans, aren\u8217\'92t we?\u8221\'94 Alston chuckled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When we\u8217\'92re not fiercely defending some patch of dirt we\u8217\'92ve managed to convince ourselves is better than anywhere else,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed,\u8221\'94 Alston said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you new here? I haven\u8217\'92t seen you around,\u8221\'94 Lina said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve just arrived from Nigeria,\u8221\'94 Alston said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you thinking of becoming a Citizen of Nowhere?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In a way,\u8221\'94 he answered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here to talk about an alliance. I\u8217\'92ve been working with Goodstuff Benjamin in Nigeria. Have you heard of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t remember whether he had heard of Goodstuff in this world. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure. The name sounds familiar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe New Voodo Army?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As in soldiers and guns?\u8221\'94 asked Lina. \u8220\'93Not likely Nowhere will want to go that route.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We are not soldiers. We are ordinary people. Our biggest weapon is actually our technology, what we call New Voodo. We make power, grow crops, build houses, all in ways that don\u8217\'92t poison us, and don\u8217\'92t make us slaves to the corpos.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So why the \u8216\'91Army?\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To scare away our enemies, of course,\u8221\'94 Alton laughed. \u8220\'93Seriously, we sometimes do have to defend ourselves. Here in East Africa, you face ragtag pirates and former jihadiis who find it easier to pillage than farm. Although in fairness, the drought has taken away much of that option. Unlike Kenya and the other countries in the area, Nigeria has a strong and very corrupt government. They fund many militias to keep the people in line. And when that doesn\u8217\'92t work, the Army pays a visit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you are at war with them?\u8221\'94 Lina asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not really at war. We just needed to be able to defend ourselves if they raid us. Our people are not nomads \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they are villagers. What good is it building a new way of life if you have leave and build it over every two or three years?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what do you want with the Citizens?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We want to get ready for the future. We want to find safety in numbers, for both groups. And we want to learn from each other. Nowhere is basically an idea about identity and governance. New Voodo is about how we use the planet. We are on the same side \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  can we make something stronger together?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, that\u8217\'92s ambitious \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I\u8217\'92d love to learn more. Raefe is going back to the U.S. tomorrow, but I\u8217\'92ll be here for awhile. I\u8217\'92m part of Edna\u8217\'92s band. You know her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not yet. I\u8217\'92ll be meeting with some sort of loose council \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  maybe she\u8217\'92s on it. I gather this place is not big on heirarchy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s not,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Not guns either. But on the other hand, it sounds like NVA is more advanced than us in building new kinds of villages and infrastructure. So yeah, sounds cool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later that night, lying in the forest after making love for their last time in awhile, they listened to the birds, letting their thoughts flow silently.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to miss you. Both of me are going to miss you,\u8221\'94 Raefe thought. \u8220\'93Actually I think the new me is up to speed on you now,\u8221\'94 caressing the curve of her breast.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Likewise,\u8221\'94 she said, returning his caress. \u8220\'93Important things have happened while you were here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aleron will be pleased to know. The time she bought us has been useful. You\u8217\'92ve entangled with more people, you have the start of an entangled village here. We\u8217\'92ve met Alton and we both can build on that. And I\u8217\'92ve got my Civilization Project, which may yet tell us something useful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The awkward little Black Chinese girl and the dreamy underachieving software writer with migraines \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  no one would guess that we\u8217\'92re changing the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Trying at least.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i1}