{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24 Alton peered through the binoculars, scanning the valley. There was definitely some kind of camp down there. He felt strongly that he was in the right place. He tapped his Voice off mute. Today was reggae code day.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bob Marley, this is Dennis Brown,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Are you hearing my jams?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Dennis Brown, got your reggae loud and clear,\u8221\'94 Henry answered. \u8220\'93You called it, brother. This is the place. I see the colors, over toward those shacks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Alton saw what he meant \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the Snakehead flag. So this was their camp.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93All those tents \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you think that\u8217\'92s the people from the train?\u8221\'94 Alton asked. \u8220\'93Anyone can see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 There were three dozen of them scattered on the ridge overlooking the valley. Slowly, the picture emerged \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  white men and women on one side, everyone else on the other side. The Snakeheads weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t expecting company, and many of them must have gone home to wherever, but there were still a dozen or so watching nearly 100 prisoners. Alton knew that sooner or later, people would come for the prisoners, sending them off to work uranium mines in the West, or some such shit. Some of the women would be shipped off to be fuck toys for some corpo.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 It had been three days already \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the Snakeheads wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hold them here much longer. His three dozen could get the job done, they had all seen combat in some army somewhere before joining up for the New Voodo Army. If they waited for dark, they could take them easy, without warning. Now, maybe not.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Drummer, bass, keys, guitar \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I like those trees near that big boulder halfway along the ridge.\u8221\'94 He made his way over to the boulder. He wanted to talk to the four squad leaders. They needed to plan this very carefully.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s what I see,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93We got maybe a dozen militia, assorted Snakehead civilians. They\u8217\'92re not too alert, but they got lots of weapons. Maybe some of their other people pick up the gun if they have to. I personally don\u8217\'92t care if we shoot them all, but we don\u8217\'92t want them killing the people we came to save. On the other hand, we don\u8217\'92t know if someone come to take the prisoners. So Henry,  I want two men to watch the road in \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you look for any vehicles headed this way. The rest of your squad, stay above the shacks and eyeball the Snakeheads. Anything sign that they\u8217\'92re moving out, causing trouble, whatever \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you let everyone know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Got it, \u8220\'93 Henry said. \u8220\'93You know who their leader is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 Flowers said. She spit on the ground. \u8220\'93Calls himself Jeff Davis, weezy bastard. I come up against him before, he want to lay hands on me. He\u8217\'92s in front of the shack with their flag. Wearing a blue t-shirt, beard, baseball cap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll keep an eye on him,\u8221\'94 Henry said. \u8220\'93Tell him you said hey, if it comes up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93The rest is basic. Flowers, you take your squad behind the black folks\u8217\'92 tents. Clearwater, you do the same with the white folks. Stay in the woods. We wait for dark, Snakeheads probably get messed up on Wyn and booze,  pay us no never mind. When I give the signal, send one person in each tent, see if you can sneak them out the back real quiet, into the woods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess,\u8221\'94 Benny said. \u8220\'93We got the Snakeheads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s my man,\u8221\'94 Alton smiled. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m with you. After I give the word, we keep them in our gunsights the whole time. Any luck, they wake up tomorrow and find the place empty. Don\u8217\'92t go that way, place still be quiet tomorrow. Either way, we take all the prisoners straight out the road until we get to our trucks. Straight back to DC.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 ***}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 When the time came, it went easier than Alton expected. The Snakeheads didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just get messed up, they got obliterated. Bunch of junkies, lying all over the place around the shacks. Just three or four guards by the tents, and they were pretty high, too. They could have taken everyone out the back and they\u8217\'92d have never known. But there were some prisoners who were hurt, and one who was unconscious and they needed some time to get them out. Benny\u8217\'92s squad snuck up on them, quick chokeholds and they were on the ground before they could make a sound. Alton tied them up, put NVA\u8217\'92s signature black and yellow beanies on them just so there\u8217\'92d be no confusion. He wanted Davis to know they\u8217\'92d done this to him. Davis\u8217\'92 buyers would not be happy when they came.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 They took back roads up to DC and got there just before dawn. Alton got on a sat phone to Goodstuff Benjamin, the leader of  the NVA in Nigeria. Benjamin was at war with United Energy Resources mercs in the Niger River delta. He had suspected some US crazies were being brought in and asked Alton to keep an eye on the Snakeheads in particular.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mr. Benjamin, it\u8217\'92s Alton Winchester in DC. Thought you\u8217\'92d want to know, the Snakeheads poked their heads up and took down a civilian solar train a few days ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Solar train?\u8221\'94 Benjamin asked. \u8220\'93What would they do that for? Nothing but poor folks on a train like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Truth,\u8221\'94 Alton answered. \u8220\'93And more than that, they brought about 100 of them back to their camp to sell off. But they split them up into black and white. The passengers tell me their leader calls himself Jeff Davis \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he was the head of the confederacy in our civil war 200 years ago \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and was going on about White America.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, he\u8217\'92s been drifting that way for awhile. Not enough to be a lowlife junkie train jacker, got to have a cause.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Still, to me it sounds like he\u8217\'92s been talking to Robby Koch\u8217\'92s boys. Every time they want to chop of some mountain top or dump some shit in the river out, they tell the locals they\u8217\'92re keeping White America free.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that makes sense than. You know we\u8217\'92re up against his UER mercs here. They usually hire the best -- Brightstar or one of the other big multinational armies. But lately, we get reports about some rag tag white mercs \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  crazies. Helicopter into a village, shoot it up, rape the women and just leave. Trying to figure out whether they were ex-Russian Army from the third Chechen War, US militia crazies or what. Maybe I got my answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. They killed some people, so I got to keep them on my radar now. Just wanted to let you know, since you asked. We\u8217\'92ve been up all night and we have some wounded passengers to look after before we can sleep. I\u8217\'92ll be in touch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Alton walked across the NVA village to the infirmary. Several people were getting cuts cleaned up, two people had broken bones. He walked over to the stretcher with the guy in the coma. A young woman sat, holding his hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your friend?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Boyfriend,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Lina, he\u8217\'92s Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, I\u8217\'92m Alton. Do you know how he got this way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Some racist motherfucker hit him in the head with a rifle butt when he didn\u8217\'92t like them splitting us up, white and black.\u8221\'94 She told him the story.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You  OK?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93Anything I can do for you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, you already done it,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93Us Efricar fugees, this shit ain\u8217\'92t nothing new. I\u8217\'92ll be OK. Why\u8217\'92d you come after us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I been watching the Snakeheads for awhile. That trainjack, it was on the net, but they didn\u8217\'92t say anything about the Snakeheads. Still, it stuck in my mind \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  why hold up a train full of migrant workers? Didn\u8217\'92t make sense. Kept bugging me and I started digging into it. Started putting two and two together. I just felt that the NVA had to take a stand or why bother?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Glad you did. I thought you guys were mostly into ecotech and all that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, we mostly are. We liked what the original NVA did in Nigeria, cleaning up all that oil pollution in the rivers, trying to rebuild the local culture, but not in some backward looking way, like all the jihadists. And we liked how they steered between the corrupt politicians in Lagos and the Boko Haram crazies up north. Trying to figure out what that would mean here. But Goodstuff Benjamin, he made it clear that NVA is also an army \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we speak truth to power, but we back it up, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got to think on that,\u8221\'94 Lina said, always wary of men with guns. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just happy we can sit here and talk about it. But I\u8217\'92m worried about Raefe. His pulse is good, he\u8217\'92s breathing OK, but he\u8217\'92s been out cold for three days. Nasty bash on the side of his head.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We got a friendly doctor on the way,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s crazy, but I feel strength coming from this kid. He may be lying there still, but I feel like he\u8217\'92s definitely on the scene.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Authentic,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Lately, he surprises that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24}