{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Surviving the century}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 World Future Council, 2007. Dedicated to addressing issues related to global warming and finding alternatives to profit-driven society. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Greatest failure of the market system\u8221\'94 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  Stern Report, 2006}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 In the last 300 years, we have burned over 300 million years of fossil fuels. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93This has been the age of fires\u8221\'94 p.6}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 Check out Dongtan Eco-City near Shanghai}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 Check out World Energy Modernization Plan from 1998}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 Chapter 3, food production. One challenge is that traditional farmers (in the third world) are generally able to sustain themselves historically. But their methods don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t produce surpluses or the right crops for export. What is the future of the global food trade? How does renewable energy change that? \line A second point regards fertilizers, which in general produce nitrogen in the form of ammonia or other nitrogen compounds. Nitrous oxide is a potent greenhouse gas (200x more than CO2).\line In the future, fields may need to be intergrown with rows of trees that provide shade, sequester carbon, and whose leaves become fertilizer. Secondary grown cover crops may also be needed to keep the soil from eroding and to enrich it.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 Agricultural irrigation consumes 70% of water usage. But these fields supply 40% of the world\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s food supply. Water is being privatized in some places.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 One logical conclusion is that the large farm must go \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  it only exists to create export crops and cannot be managed sustainably. What are the implications of that?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 Chapter 5, livable cities. About half of the people living in the urban developing world are squatters living in extreme poverty. \line By 2030, 60% of people will live in cities.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 Cities use about 80% of the resources we consume and produce a similar amount of the waste. About 50% of people live in cities. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 P.116, definition of a sustainable city}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0 40% of people live within 40 miles of the sea.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}