{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I ran screaming through the desert brush towards home. A collage of images: Ma's body, Pa's body on the front law, dead babies, mutilated chickens, fallow land, and rotten food flashed before me. Grief seared me like a branding iron, slow and seething. I feel to the ground heaving, trying to rid my body of all the death. \
I laid back and looked up. No moon, no stars, just a black void where the sky should have been. \
\
First light hitting the horizon woke me. I had run, not to the house, but to the babies' graves. I knew they weren't there, but the graves represented the idea of the babies that formed into some part of me. An evolving feeling sucked the air from my lungs and left a hole inside me. \
The graves had been dug up again, since I had been there and found the money. The shovel, with the engraved handle lay a few feet away. The shovel Ma had taken to bury Pa. He had been there. \
Stupid, stupid, stupid. I pounded my head. Pa had tried to grab the drugs and money and run, leaving me and Bee, to fend for ourselves. To pay for his sins with the Cartel. How could I have been so naive to think he had even a spit of decency left in him. \
I staggered my way to the house. Nothing seemed real. The sight of Aiden's truck, the 110 degree heat, and the ghosting tongues of sorrow combusted into a flashover of rage. I exploded through the door.\
"Ma's dead. Ma's dead." I repeated the words each time my fists made contact with the wall. \
"Suzie stop," said Aiden. \
I continued punching the wall until my fist broke through it.\
Aiden grabbed me from behind trapping my arms at my side. \
I kicked and screamed, finally pushing against the wall with my feel until we both fell to the floor. \
"Calm down." Aiden repeated over and over. \
"Calm down?" I kicked and bucked but couldn't escape his grasp. "What do you care? You were probably in on it?" I said. "Let me go."\
"You going to stop punching things?" Aiden said holding tight. \
Catching my breath, I nodded. Aiden loosened his grip.\
Aiden rolled on his side and faced me. Now tell me what's going on?" \
"I'm not telling you anything. You work for them." I said. \
"What? We've been through this." \
"But then you told them about the shack."\
"The shack, why would I tell them about the shack?" \
"They must have gone there to get Pa, and they killed Ma. Or Pa panicked and killed Ma. She's dead," I said as if it were a news report. "She always thought he'd end of killer her. Or me."  -- If you didn't tell them about the shack them who killed Ma? Then it hits her Pa did. --\
Aiden scooted closer and put his hand on my shoulder. "How? Are you okay?"\
I looked directly into his eyes. \
"I saw her." My spine tingled at the flash of her face passing before me. Aiden grasped my hand. \
"I went to talk to him, warn him. Christ I was so stupid to think he had some good in him. I found her body beneath the house in the crawl space." \
"Oh my god, Suzie."\
I stiffened under his embrace.\
"You get word to Jacob? The Army would let him come home to help you out."\
"What? Tell him I killed her?"\
"What are you talking about?" Aiden focused on my eyes. \
"I wanted Ma to admit to herself that Pa was the daddy of those three babies, but she couldn't. I should have seen that. She just couldn't. If she accepted what Pa had done to Bee, what did that make her. She wanted the roof over her head, a life with her children, and she knew that would go away if she acknowledge that evil." \
Aiden didn't move.\
"Sure enough, the second her brain accepted reality, bam!" I clapped my hands. "She picked up the shot gun and killed him. But he wasn't dead." \
Silence. \
"Careful what you wish for," I said. \
"What do you mean," Aiden said rubbing my arm. \
"I wished she'd do something. I loved her but also hated her for not doing anything." I wiped the tears from my face. "Well, she sure did something." \
A stillness settled in. \
"So," Aiden broke the silence, "you think if you hadn't wanted your Ma to accept the truth, she wouldn't have shot your Pa, and in turn he wouldn't have killed her." \
"Pretty much sums it up." I broke away from him and got up and moved to the couch. \
"It doesn't add up at all," said Aiden. "Your Ma was just protecting herself. She couldn't accept the truth about your Pa anymore than you can about Bee. That's how she protected herself, she knew she couldn't live with the truth. And if she couldn't live with it, then what would happen to you. So, she was, in her own way, protecting you." \
"Protecting me by ignoring Pa raping Bee?" \
"She accepted it when she realized you were strong enough to accept the truth. And with that truth, it's no wonder she couldn't allow your Pa to live. In her own way, she was a strong woman your Ma."\
I searched his face, but for what, I wasn't sure. \
"You're strong like your Ma, Suzie. It's time you too accepted the truth--about Bee," Aiden said. \
It was one of those phrases I had heard Ma and Mrs. Jones say during their heart to hearts in the kitchen. It pulled at me from the inside. The truth about Bee\'96\'96what did that mean? My stomach flipped with anxiety. I should be angry, but I wasn't. There was something right about what he said.}