{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Prelude to a storm}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 November 14, 2048}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was Saturday and Raefe was, for once, not going to bother with work. The }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Titan Towers }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 sim could wait until Monday. Cleaning his apartment could wait until tomorrow. His MiniWorlds pay had just been deposited and he was full up on credits. The cool rains of November had ceased, for once, and he was going to enjoy the day.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He clicked his Voice on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Manny, Raefe. Are you around?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A second later, Manny clicked in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up Raefe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Got a chip full of credits, a nice day, and no work. What\u8217\'92s up with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The same. Me and Raquel are going to the club tonight, but I\u8217\'92m free until then. You\u8217\'92re welcome to come later, too, if you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll probably pass on that. I thought maybe things were going to get in motion with someone at work, but turns out she\u8217\'92s in a girl phase right now. And I\u8217\'92m not in the mood for working the crowd at the club.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hear you. Well, we got the whole afternoon. You want to meet up on the Harbor Trail?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cool. Say 1?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Castle Island at 1.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He clicked the call off and got stuff together for the bike ride down to Castle Island. Hopping on his bike, he avoided looking left at the MinWorlds building next store. He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even want to see it today. Monday he\u8217\'92d go back to being a grunt. Today was his.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He tooled out through TechTown and into North Point, then over the bridge into Boston, picking up the river trail. A few minutes later, he was pedaling at full speed, feeling the ocean breeze as it started to filter into the city. He loved this little stretch of trail. It was usually pretty empty and he could ride fast, the wind in his face. And then up a little hill and down and there was the whole harbor, out in front of him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He barely remembered the view before the trail had been built. In \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'9131, a little before his third birthday, the long-predicted rising seas had finally hit Boston, flooding everything along the waterfront. In typical fashion, the city had none nothing about it, despite a number of lesser repeats. But in the aftermath of the economic crash six years later, some smart person had made sure that all property on the waterfront \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  now an economic disaster of its own \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  was bought up, leveled and turned into a sort of levee to protect against future storms. The crest of the levee was a flat, winding strip about 50 meters wide, with a bike trail running down the center.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was a typical early November day, low \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'9160s and breezy. Another month and it would be four months of slush. He wound his way along the trail, the sun shining off the water.}}