{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-BoldOblique;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\i\b\fs24\cf0
Catholic Priest's Naked Body Found\endash \endash Suicide Suspected. \f1\i0\b0 The headline loomed across every paper, a week after Father John\rquote s fire and brimstone sermon. Hikers found his corpse on the California side of the Colorado River. His naked body was caught amongst a clump of fallen trees and debris\emdash so the article reported. Took a while for the news to travel back to the Arizona side.
\par For a while after, we did without a priest. We still congregated each Sunday, and mostly we talked about Father John. No one, including me, believed the suicide story. After all, who commits suicide naked? Conspiracy theories ran wild, like they do in the absences of facts. Farmers prone to conspiracies, said ICE, Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, killed Father John, because he provided sanctuary to illegals who poured in from Mexico. Others said farmer Cane Murphy did it, an illegal had raped his daughter, and he too wasn't in favor of the Father John's protection. 
\par But any farmer could be guilty. Illegals had trashed their farms, threatened their children, or snuck into their homes to rummage for food and money. Over the last decade, most farmers grew to loath them. But when farmers couldn\rquote t hire enough pickers in time to get the crops out before they rotted, the illegals were their savior. But no one spoke of that. 
\par Still others blamed Father John\rquote s death on the illegals. Although Father John did take-in illegals, he couldn\rquote t take them all in. So the theory was the illegals that he turned away, killed him for it. 
\par And then there were the conspiracies around the new construction crew, and that they were this "foreign invasion" Father John preached about before he died. The construction crew coincided with the influx of drugs that ravaged our community, which aligned with Father John\rquote s concern about the children\rquote s future. 
\par
\par The Catholic diocese sent down a temporary priest, {\field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://C4408584-F594-4945-9B72-C9A751232DC2"}}{\fldrslt Father Ralph}}, to preside over the Father John\rquote s funeral service and help until a permanent replacement could be found. Only thing, Father John was already a temporary replacement for the priest before him, Father Joe who left without any word. Any priest might conclude an assignment to the {\field{\*\fldinst{
HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://48D9965D-D7CB-413F-B18D-A412AB6F85C4"}}{\fldrslt Jackson}} Parish was not a good career move.
\par Father Ralph said he\rquote d officiate over Father John\rquote s funeral, but only unofficially because suicide was a mortal sin. He didn\rquote t wear any robes, or even his collar, but he prayed with us. There was a good turnout for Father John\rquote s funeral. Too good. The men who'd argued with Father John after his last mass apparently brought friends who felt inclined to exercise their right to open carry which only stoked the conspiracy fire. 
\par "What are they doing here?" Bobby said, tilting his head towards the uninvited guests. 
\par "Insurance." 
\par Bobby crinkled his face as if he didn\rquote t understand, believing the Mexicans had killed the priest.
\par "You slow? If you didn\rquote t get the first warning," pa glanced at the grave, "then you better get the second." He patted his hip, darting his eyes towards the men. 
\par "Ah-ha. Subtle." Bobby shook his head as if he understood, but I wondered who, exactly, was giving this 'message.' 
\par}