{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Agent Bob Palmer left the hospital. Sweet stains, big as cantaloupes, soaked his armpits. Exiting the front doors, he clicked open his car. I scanned the parking lot. Lights of a dark-colored sedan flashed. Palmer's phone rang. I snuck out behind him and made my way to his car. \
Weaving in and out of the parked cars and staying low, I kept in eye on Palmer. He hung up his phone only to make another call. I quietly opened the back door of his car and crammed myself into the floor-well behind the driver's seat. If anyone knew where El Brutal was, it was him. \
"Hey, it's me," said Palmer into his phone as he approached the car. "I've got the info. Our friend\'92s confirmed it, but you need to see it... Not on the phone." He opened the door and got into his car. I held my breath.\
"If it\'92s real, you need to move fast... Yeah, yeah, I know the place. Be there in twenty." Palmer tossed his phone onto the passenger seat. \
Ten minutes later the car stopped and Palmer got out. Were we here already or was this just a quick pit stop? I lifted my head and Palmer turned towards the car. I dropped and tucked in tight. The crackle of steps on dirt diminished with each footfall. \
I peek over the seat. We were at the quarry on the other side of town. The car was parked on the side of a building. This had to be the meeting place. Palmer walked away from the car to an earth moving tractor. He hoisted himself into the cab and scoured the quarry.\
I pulled on the door handle, slow and smooth. The warm steel and protection of the building offered some comfort. I inched out, stayed low, and pushed the door partly shut. The smell of dirt and oil, sprinkled with a touch of sulfur, lined my nose. \
I lurked to the back of the car. From there I proceeded to the other side of the building. Visible through an ironwood tree, Palmer focused on the road and the sloping mounds of earth and rock around him. No shortage of hiding places here. My gun, secure in my hand. \
Footfall near the car drew my attention. Crouching lower, I peaked around the corner. Delacroix darted from the building, followed by another agent once Delacroix ducked behind another tractor twenty yards up. Not wanting Delacroix and his crew to hurt Palmer before El Brutal got here, I darted behind a port-a-potty. Next jump, and they'd flank Palmer on either side. If El Brutal sees anyone other than Palmer, he'll bolt and go underground for a long time. I can't let that happen.\
Mo's gold truck barreled in from the opposite direction. Dirt and rocks flew everywhere. No doubt Mo, even from his prison cell, stung with each ding in his golden baby. Mo would have killed El Brutal himself for hurting his pride and joy. \
The truck stopped just yards from me with the passenger door on my side. Still running, El Brutal got out. He seemed to be alone. His semi-automatic in view. \
Bobby\'92s image hanging from the statue, his hands and fee chopped off; news report replays of women beaten, raped, and burned; photos pinned to the community board of missing men\'97flickered before me. Ma, Bobby, Pa, Jeb, Aiden. Deaths of children, additions, destruction of our town. The man, the monster responsible for all of it, stood close enough to smell his rotting soul. His name\'97apt. \
The metal in my hand heated with my fury.\
Palmer stepped out from behind the tractor, his gun holstered under his FBI required jacket. \
"You alone?" Palmer asked El Brutal. \
"Good question, you?" said El Brutal.\
"This info can bring you down," Palmer said.\
"You've done good." \
"The whole enchilada. This will save your ass\'97that's better than good. And it's all yours for $500,000." Palmer seemed to enjoy this. \
Delacroix and the other agent split-up. The other agent moved close to Palmer, while Delacroix fixated on El Brutal. The passenger door of the gold-truck creaked open. A boy, no more than 13 years old, slipped out and hunkered low. He wore brand new red and white Nike(r) La Bron James Zoom Kicks. Their recent release had been big news. El Brutal had lied. Surprise. Surprise. \
"After you hand over the info."\
If Delacroix knew kicks-boy was there, he didn't show it. His partner was opposite the truck now, and too high to see him. \
"Not until I get the money. Bring it tonight, to the airport. And you can watch me fly out of your life forever." \
"Well, now that does sound good." El Brutal rubbed his chin as if considering it.\
Kicks-boy drew his gun and aligned himself towards Delacroix, who was oblivious to the danger. If I stopped kicks-boy from shooting Delacroix, I'd put myself in danger. But if I didn't, a young boy would die. I tucked my gun into the back cross-straps of my bra just below my neck and grabbed a metal pole leaning against the port-a-potty. \
\'93FBI, drop your gun,\'94 Delacroix announced.  \
Kicks-boy took aim at Delacroix.\
"The head of the snake." I stepped into El Brutal's line of sight, drawing everyone\'92s attention. Kicks-boy flinched.\
"My, my, the infamous Suzie." El Brutal raised his gun. \
Kicks-boy swung around to me. His mouth wide open, his eyes as big as fried eggs. I was right behind him. I swung the metal rod at his knees.\
El Brutal's gun fired. \
Kicks-boy flopped to the ground screaming. His gun flew a couple of yards away.\
A piercing pain penetrated my shoulder. \
Two more shots. \
Delacroix had dropped to one knee and pulled his trigger. His partner shot at the same time. Three shots, one dead, followed by that one second of silence broken by the cries of kicks-boy. \
"Don\'92t move." Delacroix's partner aimed his gun at me. My gun, still on my back, but visible to him. \
I laid on the ground. He yanked my gun. My shoulder flared with heat. But it was worth it. \
El Brutal was dead. \
"I've got her. Get Palmer," ordered Delacroix as he cuffed kicks-boy. \
His partner swirled his head right to left. \
A car started behind us.\
The agent sprinted to the gold truck. \
Palmer peeled out, but before reaching the main road he came face to face with a tsunami of flashing red and blue lights and sirens.\
He swerved into the desert. A barrage of gun shots thundered from the swarm of police cars, blowing out Palmer\'92s back window, flattening two tires. He ditched the car and sprinted through the desert. \
"You gotta be kidding me," said the agent in the gold truck. He whipped the truck into the desert and pursued Palmer. \
It didn't take long. \
By the time Delacroix and I drove up to the scene, the other agent had Palmer in cuffs and lying on the ground. The frenetic scene buzzed with cops scrambling, and FBI agents shouting orders. \
Delacroix approached Bob Palmer. \
The paramedics rushed to my aid. \
"Why Bob? Why?" \
"Why?" Palmer tried to lift his head as he spoke. "We get paid shit, eat shit from the public, deal with greedy low-lives, and live like shit with all the travel, safe houses, and stake outs. This job is crap." \
Delacroix dragged Palmer to the side of my stretcher. \
"Do you know this man?" he asked. \
"Yes, sir, he accepted money from El Brutal's men during the FBI raid on the dry cleaners." \
"Thank you." Delacroix nodded to the other agents. "Get him out of here." \
}