{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Preface}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1 A billion years ago}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A group of fighters stand on a battlefield, bone weary, dirty, hunger their only nourishment. They can only see a few stars in the night sky through the smoke of battle. The roar of battle is over for now, the world quiet as the remaining armies of all three Houses pause in the carnage that has consumed their world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  In a clearing, one of the fighters stands on hood of a personnel carrier. Naw\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ra, a low-ranking officer in the army of the Second House, addresses a a few dozen officers from all three armies.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Brothers and sisters, mothers and fathers, we have fought this great battle for many years. One in three of us who was alive when it started has now fallen. Our air is thick with smoke, our water with blood, and our land covered with our dead, and the dead of all else that once lived here, and with poisons that will kill for years. We have fought each other for land, for wealth, for power, and we have exhausted all three in doing so.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The three great Houses of U Maw have defeated each other and themselves in the process. I tell you that the soldiers of the Second House will fight no more. I ask the First House and the Third House to put your weapons down. They will help you no more.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How nice for you if we do,\u8221\'94 shouts someone from the Third House. \u8220\'93I guess you want us to give you our food and children, too.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want no such thing,\u8221\'94 Naw\u8217\'92Ra answers, and pauses, slowing her breathing down, remembering that she has come to persuade, not to fight. \u8220\'93I want you to remember that before there were three Houses, there were the clans, and before the clans, there were the bands, and before that, there were just the Maw\u8217\'92u\u8217\'92I, talking animals who could not only imagine the future, but build their dreams. And in only 150,000 years, they settled all the lands and lived mostly in peace, however simple their life seems to us now. We are those same creatures, but we have lost our way. We let ourselves believe that peace and cooperation was stagnation and that only war and competition brought progress.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want us to do?\u8221\'94 shouts a solider from the Second House. \u8220\'93Tear off our clothes and live like savages?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Our answer is to move forward. I ask your patience for a minute, and you will begin to understand. I need only your stillness and quiet.\u8221\'94 Naw\u8217\'92Ra nods, and one soldier in each of the other houses nods in return. Her two coconspirators join their minds with her and they reach out to entangle with the group around them. Despite all their doubts, they succeed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The soldiers gasp, feeling the connection. Now Naw\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92Ri speaks to them directly in their minds, her thoughts and feelings mingle with theirs. After   drowning in the fear and boredom of battle, there is something about touching the core of so many others that is deeply restorative.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know your heart and now you know mine. This is the first step to peace, and peace is the first step toward progress. But we need more \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we need a home whose air and water doesn\u8217\'92t bring disease, whose land can support food. Someday, this planet will be that again, but for now, it cannot.  For years, a small group from all three houses has been working secretly on a project that will give us a new start. And now we will show you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All of them are still now, their minds filled with a strangely different sky, a subtley different landscape. They see a pristine world for the first time. The air tickles their nostrils, fresher than anything they have ever breathed. This new world beckons.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soliders fall to the ground, sobbing at the joy of discovery. They look through the eyes of a few dozen souls on this new world, the first ever to leave their world. The settlers are from all three Houses. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94 one soldier shouts at the sky. They all feel the response.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We are your fellow citizens, waiting for you to join us as Explorers, and as builders,\u8221\'94 says A\u8217\'92mon, from the new world. \u8220\'93Look at the red planet just above your eastern horizon. We are there, yet we can know your thoughts and feelings, too, and you can know ours, as if we were in the same room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go home to your armies and your leaders,\u8221\'94 Naw\u8217\'92Ra says. \u8220\'93Tell them that a new era has begun. For those who want it, I will train you to entangle so that you can demonstrate to others that this is the future we can all be part of. I have laid down my arms, and so have many others in the three armies. From this day, we are Guardians of this world. We have been fortunate to have ripped open the fabric of reality and to have seen more deeply into it than anyone before us. I have seen that there is so much power for us there that there is no need to fight over it. And now we will use that knowledge to better understand ourselves and our world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}