{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 How the other half lives}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Manfred, good to see you,\u8221\'94 Raefe said, shaking his hand. \u8220\'93I appreciate you putting yourself out like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Happy to help,\u8221\'94 Manfred said. \u8220\'93You and Lina were always good to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nice of you to say,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I think maybe we were a little rough on you as a teenager.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, fathers and daughters,\u8221\'94 Manfred said. \u8220\'93I have an eight-year old girl now. I\u8217\'92ll probably be the same in a few years. No hard feelings. Anyway, this is all about much bigger things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s how they do it, Raefe thought. They think there are bigger things than children, because they only think of their child. They\u8217\'92ve lost the ability to think about all children, all people.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not such big things, but yes, we have some serious matters to discuss. Myself and a companion need to be able to travel in South England for a few days, and then depart without being noticed. What do you advise?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me check the security situation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 Manfred had certainly come up in the world, Raefe thought, from the ragged boy in the NVA settlement. He was wearing a slate blue onesie }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 in some exotic technical fabric }{\f1\fs24\b0 with shortsleeves  and legs that stopped fashionably just below the calves. Did it have an integral puter? Raefe couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see any ear\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 mounted eyepiece like everyone else used. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your suit a puter too?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Manfred said, embarassed. \u8220\'93UFS gives us implants. We subvoc to use it. Mandatory for employees above a certain rank.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it was just a matter of time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And money,\u8221\'94 Manfred said. \u8220\'93Always that. Anyway, right now South England security forces are most focused on the northern border \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  keeping fugees out who have no relatives, jobs or other legit reason to cross. Southern borders are much more relaxed. Internally, London is still your best bet. With 20 million people, they can\u8217\'92t watch everyone. Stay out of Central and The City \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they\u8217\'92re closed off to anyone under Level 10 or their certified employees. Too difficult to make that work. South London\u8217\'92s your best bet, but it\u8217\'92s tricky. Barking\u8217\'92s all white, you could blend in there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, that won\u8217\'92t work for my friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe Bromley then. Every sort there. Not dangerous, mostly Level 6ish. Low level managers, a few crafts types and so on. Can you fake that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Water engineer? Software team leader? Teacher? That sort of thing\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Teach and engineer, no that\u8217\'92s Level 4 and 5 type stuff. A little downmarket. Is your companion female? She could be your wife, be an individual contributor. Especially if she\u8217\'92s younger. Team leader, that\u8217\'92s the right stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, I can still talk that talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, you\u8217\'92re now Tom and Cecille Morgan and you\u8217\'92ve been transferred to the London offices of DigiBrand, your old company from many years ago. You should find a housing complex for new arrivals \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  New Opportunity Housing is the official designation. Perfectly normal, as it can take a year or more to find permanent housing in London. All South England citizens have numbered identity accounts. I\u8217\'92ve emailed yours to the account you set up for us to communicate, along with your stage 1 password. That will work for most everything except direct contact with the state \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they do DNA scans. It\u8217\'92ll take the week to set that up so that you can pass exit at Customs, so until then avoid being picked up by the coppers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no cash in South England, so you\u8217\'92ll have to use your puter to pay for everything. I\u8217\'92ve set up 5,000 credit accounts for both of you, but you can\u8217\'92t pay for anything over 500 credits without DNA authentication. In the countryside, that\u8217\'92s no problem. In Bromley, you\u8217\'92ll have to stick to the New Opps hotels near the train stations \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you can find ones that cater to people not anxious to be found that will let you pay in advance each day to keep the total down. The area around the North Station in Bromley is best for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just curious, but why would a solid citizen Level 6 not want to be found?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing serious \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  late on paying the bills, that sort of thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And how confident are you that we\u8217\'92ll go undetected?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Quite. Without going into too much detail, the group I work in at UFS does this sort of thing routinely. It can all be traced back to my boss, but not me. It won\u8217\'92t be though \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the security forces know not to poke into what UFS is doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, very much appreciated, Manfred.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 he said, his expression now pained. \u8220\'93Nyssa probably told you my situation. When I came here, I thought they would all be these bright shiney corpos who were going to rebuild the world and we\u8217\'92d all get rich doing it. They\u8217\'92re monsters, though. Those people in North England? Thousands of them are going to die if they don\u8217\'92t get south. Give them some park in Wales, for God\u8217\'92s sake. It\u8217\'92s not like they were going to move into Central and all the executives were going to have to sleep in bunk beds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Millions, probably,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93The ice may never leave. If the people don\u8217\'92t, millions will die. You know that they don\u8217\'92t want to rebuild the world, right? They would be very happy ruling a world with a billion people, if that\u8217\'92s what it came to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m coming to that realization,\u8221\'94 Manfred said. \u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t see it changing. They have a lot of power and even more money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Topic for another day. Don\u8217\'92t give up on the Free. They do want to rebuild the world, like you do. Just in a different way. So keep your eyes open, and thanks again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 Manfred said. \u8220\'93But before you go, there\u8217\'92s something you should know. It\u8217\'92s not just your lot that\u8217\'92s banding together. Corpos like UFS, they\u8217\'92re starting to band together, too. In March, there\u8217\'92s going to be a top secret summit of the world\u8217\'92s biggest corpos. Mostly what to do about the shrinking land mass and the horrible weather. But your lot\u8217\'92s on the agenda, too. So keep your eyes open, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 He got the all clear from Claire and walked back through the Tunnels. The street was still deserted, the Peach the only car in sight.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mrs. Cecille Morgan, so nice to of you to pick up your husband Tom. Fancy a drive to Bromley?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why, yes, Mr. Tom, I believe I do.\u8221\'94}}