{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 White Christmas}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 December 22, 2081}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i1
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe woke with a start. He could hear noises from out in the hall. It was still night, just a bit of moonlight filtering in through the small window high up on his cell wall. Now he could see dark shapes running by the small window in the cell door. He dressed quickly and stood on the wooden chair, faced pressed to the window.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The shapes were prison guards, running back and forth, yelling to each other. Between the thickness of the door and their accent, he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t make out anything they were saying. He tried to read their thoughts, but they were a jumble of fear and panic and confusion. Something bad was happening, that much was sure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Inmates, step back from your doors,\u8221\'94 boomed the PA speakers in the hall. He jumped down and pulled the chair back. The door popped open. \u8220\'93All inmates, report to the cafeteria.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He walked down the hall, eerily reminiscent of the student housing he had briefly lived in more than 30 years ago. After a week in jail, the way to the caf was now familiar. He joined a parade of men, most of whom were grumpy about being awakened from drunken or drug-induced stupors. A few showed the ill effects of having been in a fight. Many were swearing at the absent guards. Raefe decided silence was his best option until he knew what was going on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He felt Gordo\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts reaching out to him from outside the jail.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you OK?\u8221\'94 Gordo asked. \u8220\'93I felt a surge from you a few minutes ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m OK. We were just woken up. Something\u8217\'92s going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the weather, it\u8217\'92s worsened. Maybe they\u8217\'92re shipping you out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No idea. But everyone here is ready to come help, if you need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, I\u8217\'92ll let you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cafeteria was dark, lit only by some kind of battery-powered emergency lights. The wall clock said 5:03 AM. There were half a dozen uniforms against one wall. Two had electroguns, the rest more lethal armaments. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There were about three dozen inmates scattered around the room. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A man in a suit stood on raised platform, bullhorn in hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ll all kindly take a seat, we\u8217\'92ll make this brief,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Thank you. Most of you know that the last three months have been unseasonably cold. In the last week, we are told, things have taken a turn for the worse. We\u8217\'92re already seeing the heaviest snows ever recorded in Scotland, and those storms are headed our way. We\u8217\'92re being told that within three days Newcastle will be hit by a blizzard that could last up to two weeks. Electric lines will go down, wind turbines will freeze, and solar panels will be buried. Our emergency batteries can only last for 48 hours if we have to use them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faced with the prospect of a being stuck in a jail with no heat or light, the inmates started to grumble.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We have considered evacuating the jail and moving all of you temporarily to facilities in the South. For a variety of reasons, we have decided against that. Given that all of you are here for minor offenses, and will undoubtedly give us cause to arrest you again in the future, we have gotten permission from a magistrate to release you on your own recognizance. You must, of course, show up for your trial date, but for now, you\u8217\'92ll be free to go. We\u8217\'92ve woken you up early so that you can contact friends or family to come get you. All prisoners must leave by noon today. The prison will be closed after that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe had expected a big cheer from the other inmates, but the room was quiet. He could sense that they were uneasy, fearful of what they would be walking into outside. They grabbed breakfast rolls and coffee like they might not see food again for a week. Raefe did the same, his mind reaching out to find Gordo.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re kicking us out of jail. What the hell is going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Remember that controversy a couple of months ago about whether the Gulf Stream was being submerged? Well, it\u8217\'92s settled. Gone diving. Ocean surface temps in the North Atlantic have dropped by more than five degrees in the last few days. And the current has reversed course \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  no more warm southern water bathing England. Now it\u8217\'92s Greenland ice melt coming south. Scotland is getting battered by 40 mile an hour winds, temps of minus 10, and now a snow storm that\u8217\'92s expected to last for days. Actually, no end in sight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The warden or whatever he his said the storm\u8217\'92s headed here. I have to leave by noon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll send someone to meet you at the prison. They can be there by half ten. OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t wait. Hey, someone\u8217\'92s coming. Let\u8217\'92s talk later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He saw one of the guards walking his way, not one he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d seen before.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Miller-Epstein? Come with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He followed the guard down the hall, into a small office. Another guard sat behind a desk, but a vaguely South Asian man in civilian clothes sat alongside him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know who I am?\u8221\'94 the man asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, that voice, Raefe thought. I know you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Benjamin McDornish.\u8221\'94 Son of an Indian mother and a Northern England father. As rabid a racist as any of the snow white members of the Northern Alliance that he lead. If there were Muslim or Slav or Chinese heads to bash, you have to prove no man or woman is more enthusiastic than you, don\u8217\'92t you, Raefe thought. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very good. Do you know why I\u8217\'92m here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To scare me, Raefe thought. To tell me that the full weight of your racist thugs will be applied if I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t leave Newcastle by midnight. Or that you know where Lina is. Or really anything that a man desperately on the wrong side of history says to pretend that\u8217\'92s not true. He let McDornish\u8217\'92s thoughts wash over him. The man though of him as prey. Right now, he wanted to play with his catch. Raefe decided not to cooperate.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he said, keeping his voice quiet and flat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going back out on the street in a few hours, and I want you to understand something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe stood, silent. McDornish was going to try and goad him a few more times, he was pretty sure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No doubt your friends will come get you. They\u8217\'92ll tell you how dangerous this storm is. The storm is not your biggest problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This guy has watched too many old vids, Raefe thought. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s going to tell me he is.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A good coat and a fireplace will save you from the storm. They won\u8217\'92t save you from me if I want to hurt you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He wanted Raefe to ask him why he would hurt him. Raefe stayed silent, his face expressionless. McDornish stood up, as if to menace Raefe, but the steam was leaking out of him now. He turned to the guard.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Get him out of here. Don\u8217\'92t say I didn\u8217\'92t warn you, Epstein.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The guard walked him silently back to his cell. He had nothing much to pack so he read for awhile. At 9AM, the doors all opened. He went to the intake room and reclaimed his civilian clothes and a few personal things from a clerk. He checked his coat pocket \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  no one had stolen his gloves or hat, thankfully. The hot water heater was already turned off, so he skipped the shower. He dressed silently, feeling the other inmate\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mix of emotions. Glad to be leaving, scared to not know why or where, putting whatever face on it their temperaments led them to. He had been kept away from them during the week, isolated. There was no one to say good bye to.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was a vid screen in one of the guard offices. The door was open as he walked by and he stopped to watch. Somewhere north, howling winds were filling the streets with snow. Vehicles were buried, you couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see more than 20 meters, and there was no one on the street. A weather map came on the screen. A huge band of white covered all of Northern England, Scotland and Ireland, extending northward almost to Iceland and eastward halfway to Denmark.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At 10:30, he buttoned up his top button and stepped out of the jail on to the street. Two of Gordo\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mates hustled him into a car and they went across the Tyne to Gateshead. They wound their way through the ruined tenements off Whitehall Street until they came to Gordo\u8217\'92s squat, an intact second floor flat sitting on top of a street-level that was little more than sidewalls and rubble. The insides had been torched during one of the battles between Hindu and Muslim refugees in \u8216\'9174. The usual crowd of students from the university, unemployed workers, and neighborhood toughs  seemed slightly more animated today, the threat of catastrophe pushing them out of their usual routines.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Come on up,\u8221\'94 he heard Gordo\u8217\'92s thoughts. Inside Gordo\u8217\'92s flat, there were piles of backpacks and supplies.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re evacuating to warmer ground,\u8221\'94 Gordo said. \u8220\'93This neighborhood will be buried by the blizzard and the city will leave it that way until nature melts it. We\u8217\'92d be buried alive if we stayed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where can we go?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cornwall,\u8221\'94 Gordo answered. \u8220\'93The last of the Gulf Stream still reaches there. Warm winds will turn the snow to rain down there, but at least we won\u8217\'92t freeze to death.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How are we going to get over the border into the South?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to Liverpool. A boat will take us south of the border to Wales. There\u8217\'92s a large forest area, Snowdonia, used to be a park for campers and the like. There\u8217\'92s some people will takes through there, and then well, it\u8217\'92s complicated, but there are people who will get us to Cornwall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You trust them not to turn us over to the corpos?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t know much about Wales, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 Raefe laughed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93These lads, their great-grandads were thrown out of work by the first of the corpos, back in Iron Maggie\u8217\'92s day. Four generations is nothing at all for them to hold a grudge, especially considering the corpos in the City take ever opportunity to stick it to them. You\u8217\'92re safe with this lot \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they\u8217\'92d never do anything to help the City.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does Lina know the plan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we\u8217\'92ve been  in touch. She has some ideas she wants to discuss with you, so whenever you get the chance\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right. When we\u8217\'92re on the road.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect. Grab some kit \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we need to get out of here while we can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gordo had kept Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s clothes and puter while he was in the slammer. Someone had put them in a pack, along with winter gear and some food. He put the coat and the pack on and grabbed some boxes of food. There were about twenty people packing three good-sized box trucks with Northern Electric written on the side. Gordo laughed at Raefe\u8217\'92s puzzled expression.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got a rental agreement,\u8221\'94 Gordo said. \u8220\'93Very low rate. Gives us a ready reason to be on the road. You\u8217\'92ll be in that truck, with Claire. She actually does worth for Northern and knows the drill, so she\u8217\'92ll do all the talking if it comes to that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe walked over to the truck Gordo had indicated.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where do you want the food,\u8221\'94 he asked Claire, a short, very dark skinned woman who looked to be about 35.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It sounded like she answered \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93All the way up front,\u8221\'94 her thick Scots accent turning the words into taffy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You stay in the back until we get near Leeds. Can\u8217\'92t have McDornish\u8217\'92s men spotting you around here. We\u8217\'92ll switch off after that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There were six of them in the back, sandwiched between the food up front and boxes of spare parts for wind turbines in the back. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d pass no more than a cursory inspection if it came to that. Someone outside pulled the truck door down and the inside went dark. Claire started the motors, and they were off, bouncing down the rough streets. He heard a voice talking quietly on a mobile and the interior lights went on.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Claire had pulled down a side road into an old abandoned barn. She opened the back door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, your with me,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing to Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They pulled back on the main road. The snows hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t reached here yet, but the traffic was very light.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where are the other two trucks?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Gone different routes,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Better that way, draws less attention. No reason for three trucks to be heading away from an emergency.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He touched her mind lightly. She hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t learned to entangle, maybe she never would. He could sense that she was calm, used to dodgey circumstances.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You really work for the electric company?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When there\u8217\'92s work, yeah. Northern England\u8217\'92s a bit of a part time affair, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92re from Scotland?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, born and raised. Me dad was a tidal power engineer in South Africa. During the civil war there, he went to Scotland to catch on at one of the island power stations. He met me mom there \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she was a clerk up from Glasgow to do the accounting and such.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you grew up on one of those remote little islands?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Was born there, but they went back to Glasgow after a hurricane wrecked the plant. Was hard times for them, and me, in the rough part of Glasgow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And from Glasgow to Newcastle?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bad judgment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just say I never felt at home in Glasgow. Even the way I talk, people still would ask me where I was from. Ask any black Scot, you\u8217\'92ll hear the same. Some go all the way back hundreds of years there, too, but no mind. Even the posh ones. Never had our own tartan, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No better in Northern England, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Worse. But I was fooled by all that talk when the Northern Brigades rebelled against the City. They sounded like proper revolutionaries to me, out with the old and all that. Sounded good. Was good, for a little while. Then it was, the North for Northerners, even if half of them are Hindus now. And I was back to where was you born? Maybe if I was a little lighter and had a different face, I could have passed for a Hindu, but they saw me and I was nothing but an African here to take what jobs they still had.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This island is like America, that way,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There was no one here at all thousands of years ago \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The whole place was a hundred feet of solid ice. Like maybe Scotland will be hundreds of years from now, the way things are going. Everyone came here from somewhere else. And it\u8217\'92s just a shouting match about who\u8217\'92s here the longest, who\u8217\'92s the true Brits and so on. America\u8217\'92s the same \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the only true Americans are mostly gone and everyone else thinks a few generations qualifies them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. You think it will ever change?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Has to,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Change or die, those are the choices.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But how? I see them risk their lives for McDornish and his bunch. And all they get out of it is what they call Northern Pride. How do you fight that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway we can,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Any way we can get people to see that we can only survive the world we\u8217\'92ve made by banding together and making it right again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But what\u8217\'92s your plan? We\u8217\'92re risking our lives to get you South. When we get you there, what will you do to make me feel I risked my life for a good reason?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You already answered that. You\u8217\'92ve been risking your life for years, just trying to walk down the street. There is no God or Jesus or Vishnu or whomever who is going to lead us out of this wilderness. There\u8217\'92s just us. And there\u8217\'92s a lot of us, most of us, even, everywhere. Many ideas about the future. We\u8217\'92ll all figure it out, bit by bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could see that she wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t persuaded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to tell you that if we do such and such, in a few years, this will all be over and life will be great?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That would be nice,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92m stupid to want that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To want that?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93No, who wouldn\u8217\'92t want that? To believe that there\u8217\'92s a shortcut to that, that might be stupid. Your father\u8217\'92s country, they fought for four or five generations just to get the right for a black person to sit next to a white person in public. We have a whole world to change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you think we\u8217\'92ll do better than my father\u8217\'92s country?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because they thought it was just a matter of taking from the people who took from them. Actually, they took some of the first steps on the road we\u8217\'92re on, letting the old oppressors own up to their sins and then accepting them back into society. Take McDornish\u8217\'92s gang \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  say we somehow could kill all of them. But they have families, friends who then will hate us and we\u8217\'92ll never end that cycle of victor and vanquished. Most of them are no different than this lot \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  people with their backs up against it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not like them,\u8221\'94 she said, her face cloudy with anger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re not,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Now. But like you said, they seemed righteous when they started. But they forgot something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That the point of fighting is not destroying your opponent. It\u8217\'92s changing what made you need to fight. It\u8217\'92s finding the connection that binds, not cleaves. Do  children play the game of musical chairs here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 she smiled. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Life cannot just be a game of musical chairs, don\u8217\'92t you think? People didn\u8217\'92t struggle for thousands of years to make a better life just to turn it into a game of winners and losers, more and more losing until there\u8217\'92s just a few winners.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s human nature, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, but which human nature? The human nature of the first people who figured out how to make a fire, or a bow and arrow, and showed everyone else how to do it, gladly and for free? Or the human nature of the drug corpos, who get uni students to discover life saving drugs for next to nothing, than want to patent them so only those who can pay can have it? What we call human nature isn\u8217\'92t really natural. You can\u8217\'92t find any other animals that are willing to kill half of their own kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So back to nature, is it? A dogs life. I didn\u8217\'92t have you figured for a back to nature type. More like one of them teachers at the uni, what I heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I think we should go forward to nature, not back. I just feel it in people, that they could live without fear and hatred and violence, but they can\u8217\'92t figure out how. I just want us to give it a go, to try, before we finally top ourselves as a species.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, okay, I can respect that. Still, you might need a hard girl like me along the way, right?\u8221\'94 she said, grinning at him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, probably,\u8221\'94 he laughed. \u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92ll have to figure out how to soften you up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}