{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Raefe could hear Ines talking with Tosh downstairs. He wanted to learn more about how she had mimicked his signature and fooled the New K attackers and went down to take the opportunity.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, nice to see you,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You, too,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ines was just telling me that she\u8217\'92s let Mik know that Nila is OK,\u8221\'94 Tosh said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No need to tangle him to know he\u8217\'92s got a thing for her,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93He was hoping she\u8217\'92d settle over this side so he could see her. Now he wants to help somehow. Told him I\u8217\'92d pass that on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93She, we, are still figuring out what\u8217\'92s safe for her. And us. Her mom\u8217\'92s bad news and it gets worse from there. We\u8217\'92ll have to think on Mik. But, hey, wanted to thank you again for all your help. And to understand what you did. It felt like you can imitate my signature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Verdad,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t know that was a new thing. To me, it\u8217\'92s just like hearing someone saying something and then imitating it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can do that with anyone?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not sure. Don\u8217\'92t try it too often. It\u8217\'92s just a little game I played with myself when I had just discovered tangling. Wasn\u8217\'92t too many people I could practice with, but I used to play this game of listening for someone\u8217\'92s mind and then imitating what it felt like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But it wasn\u8217\'92t just you,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93I could feel many more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, makes sense,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93Everywhere, you have your own idea of what tangling is and what it\u8217\'92s for. The rest of us fugees, we do what we do. Like, you don\u8217\'92t put thoughts in people\u8217\'92s heads. For sure, when I sneak into New K and I see a Sec, I put in his head to look away from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe felt uneasy. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, we do have rules. Well, not rules. We think of it as morals. Just because we can mess with someone\u8217\'92s mind, doesn\u8217\'92t mean we should. Would be like someone really strong thinking it\u8217\'92s alright to threaten people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92d send that brother into a fight against the Secs, wouldn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93What else do you all do that we don\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 she said, slightly annoyed. \u8220\'93We just don\u8217\'92t see it as all or nothing as you. A friend might come into my mind at certain times, you know, that feel good, too. Not just for mayhem!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, we do that, too,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93You must think we\u8217\'92re all boring monks or something. But living with each other all the time, we also like to have some boundaries.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93With you there,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But didn\u8217\'92t you feel it, it wasn\u8217\'92t just that we had Raefe\u8217\'92s signature. We were all clocked, man, we were all like a band playing the same tune. I saw this old vid once when they used to have these giant football matches and 80,000 people were cheering and singing for their team. It was almost like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I felt that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93We had those moments in Everywhere \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  once we had 10,000 people singing together. But they were singing \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  not locked together in one mind. We never tried. Fifty years ago, there were still big governments, and some of them wanted everyone to have one mind. Not with empathy \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  just lockstep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, my dad told me about that,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93They used to call it brainwashing. Getting everyone not just feeling the same way, but believing some lie, couldn\u8217\'92t talk them out of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And I wonder if the Secs want to try that again,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You worry too much,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93Secs do what they do. What you do back? That\u8217\'92s what matters now. You know the waters come closer to our feet every day, no? Maybe you find some hill to preach truth from, who\u8217\'92s in the valley listening? Too busy keeping their noses above the water. You have to be alive to do good. First things first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe sighed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And when the Secs find out you can do this, and they figure out how to do it themselves, what then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll think on that,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But you think on it, too. You know way more about this than I do. Maybe there\u8217\'92s a way. Because when we were all together, we had something there. We don\u8217\'92t need to agree on everything. You\u8217\'92re the one always telling me we need to work together, fight together. I thought you\u8217\'92d be up on this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can see I need to get up on this. And think on it, like you say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Think on this, too,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93Everywhere, you have your way of tangling. Me, someother fugees, who know who else, we have our way. Not just our way, our reasons for doing it. And then you have all the others. Like Mik. He\u8217\'92s easy to tangle with, but he can\u8217\'92t do it. How you put all that together? \u8216\'91Cause, you have to admit, if the plan was get everyone to be like Everywhere, you had your chance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it just takes a long time,\u8221\'94 Tosh said, a little too sharply.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, she\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been wrestling with that. Everywhere is a beautiful thing, but it\u8217\'92s a big world. Maybe someday we\u8217\'92ll all be tied into the waveform like it was breathing or walking. But, like she says, we have to stay alive first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They talked some more, trying to understand where to go. In the end, they realized they needed time. They needed other opinions. For now, they had bought time to figure it out.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}