{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Family planning}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 May 26, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron gazed out over endless sea, the wind whipping her feathered crest.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Once our ancestors could cross that ocean with no tech at all,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93Now, we wouldn\u8217\'92t get far at all with these engineered flight suits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Funny how the ocean is now harder for us to cross than space itself,\u8221\'94 Aleron said. \u8220\'93Now that we all live on this continent, we have little reason to go to the other continents. And there\u8217\'92s machines to take us there when we do. Still, it\u8217\'92s been years since I soared over open water. Do you want to glide for awhile?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I have a better idea. Well, at least a different one. Can you swim?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Can you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, centuries ago I visited Fourth World for some Guardian business. You have a student from there \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Adno.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Right. The water world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93They have small floating platforms for visitors, but after awhile I felt stupid asking them to come to the edge of the platform every time we wanted to meet. Our flight suits have a fail-safe mode for water, did you know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, I didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you go too deep they warn you. If they detect that you\u8217\'92re hurt or unconscious, they slowly move you to the surface. This is in case you fall into the water flying through the canyons. But it will work in the ocean, too. So I decided I would see how our ancestors might have felt, going underwater to look for schools of fish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That must have made the Fourth Worlders feel good,\u8221\'94 she said, remembering that Adno\u8217\'92s people had little taste for the ironic.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. Fortunately, we were strongly entangled and they understood I meant them no harm. They may not be the most subtle species among the Guardians, but they don\u8217\'92t confuse us with the flying fish of their world that prey on them. Anyway, after our long flight here, I think you\u8217\'92ll love the wonderful cooling feel of the water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They dove off of the edge of the cliff, circling down against thermals rising from the water. They were only 20 meters from the water now. The wind whipping the water would drown out any conversation, but Salmerikon\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts reached her just fine.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Watch what I do and follow me,\u8221\'94 he thought. And he headed straight down into the water, a plume shooting up almost to her as the water closed around her feet. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She tucked her wings in and stretched her feet to the sky. The water came fast and pushed her face back into her head, just for a second, and then she was wet and cool and weightless in a world of deep bluish green. She sensed Salmerikon off to her right and watched how he used his limbs to navigate in the water. She turned to follow him down a few meters. Strange spongey rock towers  rose from the bottom, and all manner of small marine creatures swam around and through the holes in the towers. Salmerikon took them closer. The water had currents like the air,  only they were thick and viscous to move through. Everything slowed down. The towers were alive, she could feel their energy. Many schools of fish circled the towers, occasionally passing through each other as if some quantum field kept them from touching. Now and then, the light from above lit up the fish. She was enchanted.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Come,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon\u8217\'92s thoughts said. \u8220\'93Our enhancements will only allow us to stay under for a short time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He kicked upward toward the surface, his wings clearing the water and immediately grabbing the air for a lift as his enhanced legs thrust free of the water. She followed suit and amazingly, was airborne again. She let the rising currents take her back to the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, why have I waited 400 years to do that?\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That was amazing. A whole other world under our beaks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m glad you suggested this little picnic. Have some rainbow fish.\u8221\'94 He passed her a container with several of the small fish, seasoned with herbs. \u8220\'93My life recently has been quite turbulent. Nice to be out here with just you, so quiet and peaceful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I sensed that you had something on your mind,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know where to start. I had wanted to talk to you about one thing, and then something else happened and now I\u8217\'92m very conflicted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I can help sort it out. What was it you originally wanted to talk about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  "It may seem odd, after I tell you the second. But anyway, do you know how long I have been a Guardian?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Since before I became an ambassador, but no, I don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know how long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "It's been more than eleven centuries."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, now she understood. "So you will transform soon?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "In a year or two, I will change to a female."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "And you\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92re worried that we cannot be lovers then?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Who knows? Our hearts will go whichever way they want. Either way, we will be friends. After our recent conflict, I realized how rare it is to find someone who both loves you and challenges you. And how much I cherish that.\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And I, as well. In both directions \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  love and challenge. I think you\u8217\'92ll be a wonderful girlfriend for me, and not my first. So you can rest easy on that score.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good to know. The point is, it has been a long time since I fathered a child. It would mean a great deal to me if you would join with me for that, before I change. It will be a long time into the future before I can mother my own child, and I don\u8217\'92t want to wait that long to be a parent again. I\u8217\'92m feeling the need to leave more behind than just memories."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In only her fourth century, she had never thought much about birthing a child. Salmerikon was her first lover who had even passed into parent status.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. My first reaction is, frankly, awe. None of my childhood friends have reproduced. I haven\u8217\'92t had to think about it much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And you may not want to when I tell you the rest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He recounted Hankori\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s ultimatum.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Salmerikon, I\u8217\'92m so sorry that it\u8217\'92s come to this. How can I help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Help? I don\u8217\'92t think you can, as far as stopping him. He has won, for now. I will have to find a way to step down, and make it look like I\u8217\'92m just stepping aside for a time. I will remain a Guardian, but a quiet one, while I watch and wait. Hankori, he is another story. I am beginning to believe he is a rare bird.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, you can\u8217\'92t repeat this for now. But I believe he is insane, or at the least, mentally unbalanced.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How can that be? We were all raised to believe that mental illness had been eliminated thousands of years ago. That our entanglements and our enhancements and all of our technology make it impossible for our minds to go so far out of balance as to be what you say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how it can be. But the facts are there and disturbing. His bizarre record on Earth, where most of his prized contacts turned out to be psycopathic dictators like Kim Jong Il \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  you should read up on him and you\u8217\'92ll understand what I mean. His current project. His penchant for dramatic confrontations. More and more, I\u8217\'92ve come to believe one hypothesis explains them all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92ve discovered the true nature of his current project?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not completely. But at least one piece of it I know: he wants to abstract consciousness from the body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t we do that now, when we travel through the wormhole interface?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, not at all. You project thoughts and feelings from your consciousness, but it stays firmly rooted in your body. Imagine if your mind was literally elsewhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What would be the point?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. But it seems insane, doesn\u8217\'92t it? To split the mind and body that way?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I agree. And deeply troubling. How can you give the Guardian leadership over to him if that\u8217\'92s true?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve thought long and hard about this. We\u8217\'92re not used to dishonest conflict, to sneak attacks. But that\u8217\'92s what Hankori is orchestrating, I\u8217\'92m sure. And at some point, the Guardians who still hold to our original mission must launch a sneak counter attack. Which means feigning surrender in order to eventually defeat him and his allies, whoever they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You are so brave, Salmerikon. In 10,000 years, no one has had to do this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sadly, in the nearly billion years since Na\u8217\'92wra\u8217\'92s Explorers discovered other intelligent life and founded the Guardians, situations like this have occurred from time to time, even if not on our world. Part of my initiation as head of the council was to read the ancient archives and to learn how prior leaders met these sorts of challenges. So, what you call bravery is just what I have prepared for quietly for centuries.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Call it what you like, it will require courage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And I fear, companionship. When I imagine what lies ahead, you are always in the picture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You know I have deep feelings for you, Salmerikon. I want to say yes to what you are suggesting, even if I don\u8217\'92t know exactly what it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It means that we would lead a dual life for decades, perhaps centuries. The life people will see is that of two minor Guardian officials, not very important people, going about their work, perhaps raising a child. The life only a few will know is being part of a shadow Guardian organization that monitors and ultimately resists whatever Hankori is planning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I should answer this now. This is an occasion to enter alakh, to go deep inside and know my mind as fully as I can. When I emerge from it, you will know my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That is all that I can ask now, that you know your mind and be true to it and share it with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}