{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Losing a baby does something to a girl. Some girls get over it, but they're 'off', a-bit. Others never get over it and aren't ever the same. Times that by three, and I'm not talking the holy three\'96\'96and you've got my sister, Bee Bannon. She birthed three dead babies in four years. Oh, she\'92s here, but she ain\'92t. Like they say, lights are on, but nobody\'92s home. She sits in that rocking chair on the front porch, gazing over the barren, scorched fields, but she inside she\'92s gone. Little did we realize then, but this third death forewarned of deaths to come. \
The midwife called them still-births, but there wasn't anything \'93still\'94 about them. This last one, Bee screamed and thrashed around like a hooked fish. The midwife yanked. Blood everywhere. After it was out, she slapped it again, and again. Then stuck her fingers down its tiny throat.\
But nothing. \
We all stared at the little bloody mess. But Bee, she caught on having been there two times before, and she hollered louder than a band of coyote after a kill. It took the midwife sticking her with a needle to settle her. \
Bee never did talk a lot, but after the first baby died, she hadn\'92t said a word since, but to me.\
Can\'92t blame her. Not much worth saying. Some declare she\'92s crazy. Other folk say she ain\'92t there. Not just \'92cause of the dead babies. Neighbors around here whisper that our mama, Susan, is crazy too, and they claim crazy is passed from kin to kin like hand-me-down clothes. Thus, mama and Bee got the crazies from my Pa, David. But he didn\'92t quite pass it to them, as he did beat it into Ma, and screw it into Bee. \
New folk, although we don\'92t get many of those, figure Susan, my Ma must have been off to have named her two girls {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://AD256FB5-A3A1-4FB7-9E57-C511FD37C341"}}{\fldrslt Suzie-A}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://BB26DE66-FEB9-4C08-92A4-B8B3CDB9A219"}}{\fldrslt Suzie-B}}. That is until they meet us. Then they give me that knowing smile, and they seem okay with it. \
Folks call me Suzie, and my sister they call her Bee. We have have the same ma and pa, but not much else in common. I\'92m tall and thin with a big mouth that gets me the belt. Bee\'92s a pretty thing, folks say. Suppose that\'92s why pa took to doing her. Ma said, she and me, we are just good for beatings. Lucky, I guess.\
A month before the second baby died, my brother, Jacob, joined the Army to fight in the Iraq Invasion and look for weapons of mass destruction. \
Father Joe preached the importance of treating everyone equal. Pa took that to heart. He\'92d beat equally on Ma, then me, and by the time he got to Jacob, Pa\'92s rage erupted like hot molten lava over Jacob\'92s slight frame and soft skin. Not sure which motivated Jacob more: getting away from Pa, or spiting him. So, with only a smidgeon of light left in his soul, Jacob enlisted. He didn\'92t have to go to Iraq to find weapons of mass destruction\'96\'96they were right here at home. \
Jacob was the lucky one. He got away.}