{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	"What did you do?" Aiden said to Suzie. \
	"What are you talking about," said Suzie. \
	"Return Ma and Bee? Suzie we talked about this. You can't go after these guys." \
	I wasn't sure how to react. His soft voice and and warm touch as he caressed my upper arms, belied the concern of his words. Was he concerned about me, or himself?\
	"I'm not sure what you're talking about." I dodged his look. \
	"Suzie, we can't keep on like this." Aiden guided me by my shoulder to the couch. "I'm not sure what is going on with you, but I care about 
\f1\i you
\f0\i0 . More than you realized, I'm sure. I'm worried about 
\f1\i you
\f0\i0 . These guys are bad news." \
It was the first time Aiden and I had talked calmly is a while. His voice was warm. I searched his eyes for meaning. He didn't reflect the kind of duplicity that I saw in Bobby's eyes. His reflected back something I wasn't familiar with. What ever it was, it calmed me. \
"What about Bee?" I softened my eyes but held my stare. \
Aiden sighed. "Let's just focus on you, and Bee will take care of herself. You know that. It's you I'm interested in." \
"Pa's alive."\
"What?" Aiden moved closer holding my hand in his. \
First time in a while, I felt safe. His warmth, his strength was comforting. \
"I saw him at the mine." \
"Oh my god, Suzie. Are you alright? That must have been awful." He pulled me in and hugged me. \
I hated crying, but I couldn't stop myself. I had never grieved the loss of Pa, and now he is alive grief overwhelmed me. I sobbed uncontrollably into his chest while he caressed my hair, and reposted, "It's okay, everything is going to be alright." \
After a few minute, I had exhausted my tears. I pulled up to see he checks were wet. I wiped his cheek with my hand. \
"I'm not sure why I'm crying. I'm just so confused."First I believe Ma shot him, that he's dead, then he's alive, and Bobby tells me I shot him." \
"What? Bobby's not known for his honesty. Do you think he's telling the truth?" said Aiden. \
"I didn't at first. But then, I don't know, I've gotten flashes of memory here and there, and yeah, maybe." I shook my head. "But I just can't believe it." \
"Suzie, he hurt you, he abused you and your Ma. It's understandable."\
"Ma wouldn't be in this trouble if it hadn't been for me showing Pa. She left to protect me, I get that now." \
"Don't worry it's going to be okay."\
"Yea, somehow it will be okay. I've got a plan." \
"Ok, I'm listening. This isn't sounding like you backing off, but I'll listen. You deserve that much." \
I started from the beginning when I overheard him and Mrs. Jones talking about the other stores. Then finding Ma, and losing Bee. He knew about the ransacking of the house and there threatening Cartel note, and I filled him on Bobby's plan to make it all good, and is real agenda to run off with the money. The more I talked the more relieved I felt. Just to have someone listen to me, provided a sense of normalcy I hadn't felt in a long time. I paused and Aiden didn't jump in and start talking or asking questions. He just let the silence mushroom into a cloud of comfort where he held my hand in both of his, and watched me his warm brown eyes. \
"And?" he nudged. \
I stared at him. \
"I know what Pa took." I pulled away slightly. \
"What, Suzie. What did he take?" \
"Don't you know? You work for them." I pulled away even more. \
"Listen. I don't work for them. I'm helping the Feds to shut them down, and get my Pa out of trouble. The Cartel just thinks I work for them." \
"Trouble? What do you mean? What kind of trouble." \
I didn't balk when Aiden moved in closer. ""Last spring I wanted to surprise Pa and Jo and come home early. But I got the surprise instead. I came home to Pa sitting in his easy chair, holding a gun to his head."\
"Aiden, no." \
" I got there in time to stop him," said Aiden. "But that was only the beginning. After a lot of conversation, I found out that the Cartel had threatened to kill Jo and me unless Pa worked with them to launder their money." Aiden took a deep breath while holding my hand in both of his. " He had agreed, but after the men in town started going missing, and Father Joe found dead, and Father Ralph went missing - he just cracked, sure that he played a part, however indirectly, in supporting these animals." He closed is eyes and drew in a breath. \
"But he didn't know how to get out. He thought the only way to keep us safe was to kill himself and let the store fall into their hand, and they could do what they wanted with it." His face showed the agony of a son who saw his father wanting to take his life. \
"Aiden, I'm so sorry. I didn't know." \
"You came close, though. When you were doing the books. Caroline had no idea you'd figure it out, but as you got closer, we thought it best we make it look like I was taking them back. But in reality, Caroline stayed on."\
"Okay, but I'm lost, how does this lead to you working with the FBI and the Cartel?" Even I heard the palpitating concern in my voice. \
"Well, at the University in Sierra Vista, I was approached by a recruiter. Turns out he was with the FBI. He talked about how the Cartel had really gotten its fangs into the men of the town, capitalizing on the poor economy made worse by the drought. Drug shipments in the rise, new drugs too like Carefentynal. Anyway they need a local who would help them infiltrate the Cartel," Aiden hesitated, "but it wasn't like they were asking for volunteers." \
"What do you mean?" I asked. \
"The FBI knew my dad was in bed with them, they threatened to lock him up, if I didn't help." Aiden took a deep breath. "But I see now that wouldn't have happened. Back then, that was all they had - a suspicion about Pa's store. "I told them about how Pa got involved with them and struck a deal to help them, bring my Pa into the loop, and guarantee he didn't go to jail." \
"Wow," I said shaken off my bewilderment. "I had no idea. So they really didn't have enough on your Pa to threaten you like that?" \
"No, and that's why you heard what you did the other day. I don't completely trust them." \
"What do you mean?" \
"Caroline found other store owners that are under the Cartel's thumb laundering money. I suspect they might have been threatened too. I don't want to alert the FBI just yet. I want to understand the whole picture first." \
"What if we could save Ma & Bee, and put a serious crimp into the Cartels money stash?" \
"We can't take on the Cartel, Suzie. They are just too powerful." \
"I've got a plan," I smiled. \
"What are you going to do?" \
"When's the next drop at the Cleaners?" \
"Tomorrow around 11:00 or 12:00. Again, why?" \
"It's time you told the FBI about the Dry Cleaners being another money laundering outlet, but wait for the day after the drop." \
"I see what you're thinking. They raid the place after the drop and the Cartel is out a lot of dough," Aiden said nodding his head. \
"Something like that. You'll do it?" I asked. \
"What do you mean, something like that?" \
"Will. You. Do. It." I punctuated each word, losing my cool. \
Aiden pursed his lip, glaring at Suzie. Two breaths later, he said, "Alright."\
"Good," I nodded. "One more thing..." \
}