{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green252\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c98700\c50000;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 What the hell? First Betty wandering about, and now a legless chicken placed in the center of the road, some 50 yards from the house. \
Who did this? I scanned the area but saw no one. A low gurgling growl escaped through the chicken's beak. I had to stop her suffering; I wrung its neck until the evil sound stopped. \
Stunned, I tried to get my bearings. I looked towards home. A glimmer of light shown through where the front door would be. I squinted. Was it open? \
I scrambled into the pickup mashing the gas pedal so hard the rear tires spun before lurching forward the last few yards. \
I jumped out and bursted through the swinging front door. Tearing through the house, I screamed for Bee. Where was Bee? She'd be home by now. But no answer. The cupboards bare, dishes shattered, food strewn everywhere, furniture tossed. What happened here? Searching room to room, I checked closets, under beds, the bathroom, even the attic. Nothing. \
No Bee. Bee was always around in times of trouble. Where was she? \
The mysterious tornado that had ravaged the inside, had continued outside: the coop\'96\'96empty, eggs shells and feather-covered chicken parts littered the ground. Nearby, an ax, shimmering in blood, evidenced the weapon used to mutilate the remaining chickens. \
The silence of the barn echoed through its gaping door. Clyde stood in his stall, even with the gate wide open. Why hadn't he left? The sight of the legless hen flashed before me. Frantic, rubbed him the length of his back to his tail, down each leg, and around his head. All good. I kissed him on the nose. \
But still no Bee. \
Grabbing a rope, I ran to the field to fetch Betty. Streaks of scabs emblazoned her side, but she had dodged any lasting damage. I led her back to the barn closing it up before heading to the house. \
Replacing the cushions on the couch, I sat, paralyzed. Where was Bee? Who had done this? \
\
 Dusk covered the windows before I shook off the numbness. The glass from the smashed lamps crackled underfoot as I made my way into the kitchen to switch on the overhead light. Then I saw it. \
A note. Taped to the refrigerator door. \
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sl264\slmult1\sb240\sa240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\i "Return what belongs to me, or say goodbye. You have 48 hours." 
\f0\i0 \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0 Bewildered, I read the note again and again. \cb2 Did these people take Bee and have Ma?\cb1  And what did they want back? \
I surveyed the room, assessing what might be missing. I raced to my bedroom, pushed the bed, and lifted the floorboard. Breathing easier, I pulled out my money-stash.\
I took a deep breath, gathering my thoughts. The note meant they didn't find what they came looking for. Maybe I could. The mysterious tornado that tore through here looked like a mild breeze by time I was done looking for whatever it was they wanted. My thorough search, resulted in finding only a pair of earrings Ma had lost, some change, a safe deposit box key, a dead rat tucked in the corner of the closet, and some porn magazines Pa stashed within a cubby in the bathroom wall, but nothing a stranger would care about. \
Ma had hid her diary inside a slit on the side of the mattress. The Sealy label, affixed by thin Velcro where the stitches used to be, covered the jagged opening. She took time making sure the diary wouldn't be discovered. \
I fanned through the handwritten journal; most of it painful memories, I guessed. But diaries recorded dreams and aspirations. Did Pa always beat her? Did Ma have ambitions? Had she written about Bee, and why she did nothing? Did she even realize why?\
The cool, soft leather burned my hands. I tossed it on the bed to shed my betrayal. An envelope fell out. On the outside, in tiny print, a list of dates with amounts varying from $1.00 to $8.00. The dates representing\'a0when Pa gave Ma her weekly allowance, going back seven years\'96\'96around the time Pa started doing Bee. Over fourteen hundred dollars in one hundred-dollar bills. Her independence. Her lifeline. I smiled.\'a0My back slid down the wall until I sat on the floor. I clutched the money as if holding Ma herself. She hadn't abandon us, or her would have taken her stash. I jumped to my feet. Bee was right. Ma had planned to return.\
 \
\
\
The rhythmic sway of the porch swing did little to calm the sense of doom that gathered around me. My heart raced, my palms clammy. A tingling in my chest sucked the oxygen out of my breath causing me to pant. I tasted danger I couldn't see. I frantically gasped for air. Something awful loomed. A hollowed out shell swung on the porch.\
Ma wasn't coming back. Bee was missing. Jacob was gone. I even grieved for Pa. Abandoned. I had always dreamt of being on my own, but now the isolation was suffocating. With every frenzied breath, a panic swarmed within me. }