{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Nila had been back nearly a week and she was still overwhelmed by what she had heard in Chiang Mei. This was not a secret she could keep to herself. She snuck out to the hill she had taken Mick to. She calmed herself, remembering what REM\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind felt like. When they had tangled, it was a little like intertwining your fingers in someone else\u8217\'92s hands. And she remembered those places in her mind that she had interspersed with Raefe\u8217\'92s mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then he was there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nila, right?\u8221\'94 he asked, as if he was talking to her face. \u8220\'93From up on the hill in New K?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, thanks for\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know, answering my message,\u8221\'94 she said, not sure how to start.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome,\u8221\'94 he said, ignoring her awkwardness. \u8220\'93Something is troubling you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She started to tell him and he cut her off, sharply.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t we discuss this face to face?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Better all around. Can you be where you are now tomorrow, same time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He would find her, he assured her, and broke off. She couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t feel his mind anymore.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The next day, he was already there when she was on the hill.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How did you know I\u8217\'92d be here?\u8221\'94 she asked, startled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I guess you didn\u8217\'92t realize that you were sharing what you were seeing. And that you were thinking about how to describe the place to me. So I got all of that. I\u8217\'92ve been in this area before, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Really. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you might not believe this, but I used to come up here to swim in a pond that was here before it was a marsh. When I was just a little older than you. But more recently, there are a lot of small pockets like this up here where New Kendall doesn\u8217\'92t patrol and no one lives in the area. So, now and then, it\u8217\'92s a good place for meeting people out of the glare of New Kendall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly why I come here. I hacked my mom\u8217\'92s Voice and I know they don\u8217\'92t send drones up here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She is a pillar of New Kendall, that must be hard for you,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know her?\u8221\'94 she asked, incredulous.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not personally,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Valoris McManus is a person that Everywhere is, shall I say, aware of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that why you didn\u8217\'92t want to tangle anymore, yesterday?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sort of,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I could sense where you were going. And I didn\u8217\'92t want you to put yourself in danger. If New Kendall knew you were in contact with me, that would mean trouble for you. I\u8217\'92m sure you know that. But if they knew you were giving me sensitive information, you could be in serious danger. You understand that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So if you want to back out at this point, I\u8217\'92ll understand. But I don\u8217\'92t sense that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I want you to know,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want any part of New K. I\u8217\'92m going to run away before they make me a cog in their machine. My mom, Val, dragged me to a Sec conference two weeks ago because she doesn\u8217\'92t trust me on my own. And my dad\u8217\'92s too distracted to really keep tabs on me. They\u8217\'92re both lifers in New K.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Before you jump in, where was the conference?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She told him, which made his brow furrow. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway, I was bored, so I snuck into an unused hall near where they were meeting. They want to wipe out the Citizens of Everywhere. For real, once and for all. They see your existence as their major failure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not figuring out how to heal the planet they so gravely wounded?\u8221\'94 he said in mock surprise.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shocking, I know,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But they want to start the new century off with a bang, so to speak. They want to blow your shit up and get you, as they call it, \u8216\'91off the board.\u8217\'92 They\u8217\'92ve clearly planning this for awhile. My mom\u8217\'92s group has come up with a device that can keep you from reading their thoughts. And another group has modified that gadget so that it turns your thoughts back at you and fries your brain. I think they watched a vid of a test on a live person , someone from Everywhere. I think they killed him with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was silent for a minute, eyes far off. Then he looked straight at her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t know about that. You\u8217\'92ve done the right thing. Anything else you might have picked up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just that they think they have to take some action in Asia. Production\u8217\'92s off or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK, that makes sense. At some point, I can explain some of this to you better. But right now, better you don\u8217\'92t know. You have to be very careful. There are tanglers that work for New Kendall, you know. They don\u8217\'92t really understand how it works, but like you, have some natural talent. Sometimes when they\u8217\'92re planning big things, they take extra care to scout for tanglers. So you should be very careful not to let your mind wander into others\u8217\'92 for the next few weeks. You should go back now and not tell anyone about this. I\u8217\'92ll wait awhile and find my own route back, away from New Kendall, so they won\u8217\'92t get the idea that we were both in this area, should they be looking for either of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to be alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, yes,\u8221\'94 he smiled. \u8220\'93New Kendall has a lot to learn about empaths. You\u8217\'92ve probably been taught all sorts of nonsense about us. If you want, when things cool down, we can connect more. Maybe it would be better if we found a friend for you in Everywhere, someone closer to your age? You could learn from them  \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 about tangling, empathy and what Everywhere is really all about. Would you like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. I want to leave New K. I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92m cut out for Everywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re thinking more of homesteading, helping the world to start anew?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, something like that. Does Everywhere do something like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you may not know this, but Everywhere was founded largely among East African refugees from various conflicts. Do you know what the United Nations was?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sort of. Kind of a global government?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93More like a council of national governments who tried to address international problems. They set up a massive camp for these fugees in East Africa and then had to abandon it. But the fugees came back and secretly occupied it \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it was really in the middle of nowhere, and no one noticed. In fact, they called themselves Nowhere \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they wanted to stay hidden from different militias that had driven them from their homes. Anyway, they were basically homesteading there. And in some ways, Everywhere was born when they merged with a West African group \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  from the old Nigeria\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that had been doing a lot of eco-farming in a very polluted part of their country. So yes, we have a long history of that, and some projects going now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anything in Hudson\u8217\'92s Bay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not yet. That\u8217\'92s been an area for people who don\u8217\'92t like the idea of entanglement, are afraid it will become a kind of mind control. So we haven\u8217\'92t emphasized that, although some empaths have wandered up their on their own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She had never considered that everywhere outside of New K was its own world, with its own rules and fears. She would have to learn more.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I never thought of that \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I thought everyone outside New K was cool with tangling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right now there\u8217\'92s not much you can say about anything that everyone will agree with, in or out of New Kendall,\u8221\'94 Raefe said, chuckling. \u8220\'93In any event, this will be a journey for you, not just to somewhere, but to someone, a new you. I am all too aware of how hard that can be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess you\u8217\'92re right,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93Maybe it will be hard. I was really thinking it would be easier, or at least better, than becoming a zombie for New K. I don\u8217\'92t think I can even bring myself to try that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Probably not,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93In this time, even the easier path can often be hard, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that makes sense. And I see it in your face.\u8221\'94 She watched the deep lines around his eyes, beginning their downward turn to a frown and suddenly turning upward in a bit of a smile. He wants to encourage me, she thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then you see, too, that it is our spirit that carries us through these times. Not the promise of wealth or comfort, but the simple and ancient reward of sharing what we can. You will have dark days, and when you do, look to those around you. Some will turn away, but you will feel those who turn toward. And any time, if I can help, think of me. Whether you are part of Everywhere or just a friend, it would be good to keep in touch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kindness without the expectation of return \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure she had encountered that before. \u8220\'93I will, thanks, really,\u8221\'94 she said, touched that this old man would give a shit what happened to her. And walked down the hill, on to the path, not looking back in case someone was watching. And trying not to think too hard about what he meant by dark days.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 *****<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe watched her go and when she had, he let his mind open.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Were you able to get most of that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, all of it,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93All of that was news to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me, too. Except for their concern about Asia. I know the Rising Tide has been a thorn in their side. Many of the workers they depend on for food supplies from Asia are either secret Rising Tide or are close with them. And some of the processed food they buy actually comes from Rising Tide catches. So they are feeling more pressure as those sources either restrict what they\u8217\'92ll sell them or charge them more. Two things they don\u8217\'92t like. But the rest, no, that\u8217\'92s out of the blue. And worrying. Do you think it\u8217\'92s possible, what she was saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Offhand, no. But then she claims they actually killed someone to demo it. At least we know what their goal is \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  a weapon, not just surveillance or escaping surveillance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And a weapon aimed just at empaths. They want to cut our heart out, so to speak. Where are you now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Southern France. There are some people here trying to resurrect fish farms along the Mediterranean. We\u8217\'92re working with them to see if we can improve on the old ways, lessen the environmental impact.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you take a break from that to look into this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely. There are plenty of Everywhere people here and it would be good for some of them to get more experience like this. Give me a couple of days and I\u8217\'92ll turn right to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}