{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The floorboards in our old house talked to me through their thuds and creaks, whispers of quiet footsteps or threatening stomps. Some spoke louder than others. Muted thuds spoke to normal, normal as normal goes for this house. But thunderous pounding shouted\'96\'96time to go into hiding. The telltale soft ones whispered deception and a sure sign of things never to mention\'96\'96I know, cause it was usually me making them. \
Tonight, after midnight, soft footfalls screamed someone was up to no-good. It was pa. I stood by the door, not breathing, hoping he wasn\'92t looking to fetch Bee. But he passed without stopping, and I exhaled. The front door opened. I peeked out, and he slithered onto the porch. \
Where was he going so late? I snuck to the front door, staying low so he wouldn\'92t see me, and peered through the curtains. Uncle Bobby\'92s truck rolled in with his headlights off, engine quiet. Pa trotted through the yard and jumped into the truck bed, joining five other men. I didn\'92t recognize two of them other than to say they came late to church, sat in the rear pews and left early. Not sure about the rest, but their dirty overalls and sweat-stained caps along with their ragged shirts and shit-covered shoes underscored their farmer roots and harsh times. \
They drove off with no lights. \
I looked in on ma to make sure she was okay and cracked her door so I could check on her later. \
Tossing and turning, I got up several times to see if pa had returned, but Ma\'92s door wasn\'92t disturbed. Bee was safe with me. Late into the night, the crunch of tires rolling on dirt woke me; it was Bobby\'92s truck again. The men looked like they had wrestled a dust devil but lost: thick layers of silt covered their clothes, encased their hair, and plastered their skin. Even the whites of their eyes, reddened by grit. \
I watched as pa got off the truck. His step, awkward. \
I flinched below the sill. Crawled towards my bedroom. A shadow passed the window in the kitchen. I glanced at the front door. No movement there, only the sound of the truck rolling down the road. I crept to the kitchen window on the side of the house. I leaned over the counter to peek out. Pa pulled up his shirt and yanked at something near the small of his back. He tossed another package. It bounded under a shrub. From under his belt, he took out another pouch. With both packets on the ground, he stood motionless under the new moon. With a seriousness I thought he saved only for Bee, he stared deep into the darkness of the night. A shiverer crawled up my spine. I ducked below the windowsill but crept up. I couldn\'92t believe what I saw next. \
Pa unbuckled his belt and took off his pants. Two more pouches, one duck-taped to each thigh. He ripped the tape with the speed of a gasoline fire ripping through a tinder box. His faced grimaced, but he made no sound. He lifted off his shirt, revealing a smaller pouch taped just above the top of his belly and under his chest. His snake tattoo looked even more sinister in the dark.\
Once he had stripped the five pouches from his body, pa jumped into his jeans. He laid his shirt flat on the ground and gathered up his stash. He scanned the grounds like a forward scout before heading into the back yard. \
I took my first breath. My pulse raced, heart pounded. I shuffled to the rear porch. \
But I was too late. He had slid into the blackness. \
I waited and waited. What was he doing? \
The quiet soothed me. The darkness enveloped me. \
\
"What the hell?" The screen door slammed. \
Pa kicked me awake. \
"What did you see?" Pa poised to hit. \
"Nothing, nothing." I scrambled out of his reach. My hand rubbed my side, but I refused to cry. "It was cooler out here. That\'92s all. I was sleeping." \
"You better not be lying to me, girl." He glared at me. \
I stood. Emboldened by his secret, I stepped towards him. "Ma know about your escapades?" \
"Ma?" He laughed. "You\'92re stupider than you look." \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 What? She knew?
\f0\i0  \
"You saw nothing. Know nothing. Got it?" His statement punctuated by a blow into my stomach, so hard the next thing I remembered, I was in my bedroom with Bee, both of us exhausted and spent. \
\
Before the drought, pa rose first, earlier than sunup. He worked the farm harder than most. Determined, I'd hear people say, to make it work, determined to differ from his daddy. Hard work\'96\'96he taught me that. Gave you a purpose. He never gave up. So I guess you could say I respected him for that. \
Last few months, after his late-night excursions, he slept in past 9 am., three to four times a week. This morning, we had fed the chickens, collected two eggs, fed and milked Betty, and swept the barn. Ma had prepared a big breakfast, something she took to fixing after pa\'92s outings. \
We sat at the breakfast table. Ma placed a plate in front of pa, heaping with scrambled eggs, bacon, and biscuits with gravy. He dug in like a Javelina on a fruited prickly pear. Didn\'92t notice ma and me had toast. \
Pa looked tired, even old. He must have felt me gawking cause he stopped eating and locked eyes with me. I held his stare. His eyes\'85 what was it in his eyes\'85 anger?\'85 fear? \
But it passed. \
He finished up his food, and left without saying a word, or even nodding goodbye.\
The anxiety pa infused lingered until we finished our coffee.\
"Well, I better get to washing and sewing. You best get to studying." \
The second year of the drought, ma took in washing and sewing to help out. Pa didn\'92t take too kindly to it, said he could take care of his family, but that was when the farm produced. Now, he just ignored the extra money. Ma did her work when he wasn\'92t around, which, for me, couldn\'92t be often enough. Between her sewing and washing, my bookkeeping with Mrs. Jones, pickings I sold on the sly, food stamps and farmers\'92 subsidies\'96\'96we got by. The real problem was the bridge loan we used to buy the supplies needed for this year\'92s crop. The bank had extended it from last year, and not likely to extend it again. Losing our land, well, I can\'92t even imagine what that would do to ma. \
"I\'92ll help you," I said. \
"Oh, no you don\'92t. Do your studying. You're gonna make something of yourself."\
\'93Think pa is going to let me continue working with Mrs. Jones?" \
"If Caroline says she'll get him to agree," she lowered her sewing to her lap as she peered out the window. "Then, he'll agree." \
My face asked, \'93What does that mean?\'94 But she ignored me.\
After a while, she paused her stitching. \'93He wasn\'92t always so mean.\'94 \
"Pa?" \
"Yeah, your pa." She focused on her stitches. "The good just pushed down by a hard life, and rough times." \
I remembered when he wasn\'92t as angry, he didn\'92t hit us near as much, and when he had, we usually earned it. Can\'92t say he was ever a good man though, but a long time ago, wasn\'92t near as mean. \
With her talk of pa, I broached the subject of last night. "So, you okay pa goes out at night?" \
 Ma didn\'92t miss a beat. "Your pa's no stranger to doing things he has to.\'94 She fiddled her wedding band. \'93You\'92ll learn one day. Best to let things go." \
She knew
\f1\i .
\f0\i0  \
"So where does he go? This isn\'92t the first time either." I thought it best not to mention the bundles taped to his body. \
"And minding your own business. You gotta learn that too." \
"Well, isn\'92t it our business what pa does?" I slammed my book closed. \
"No. Especially what pa does." Her eyes on me now. \
"But how can we make things right if we won\'92t admit it\'92s wrong?"\
"Ain't that the pot calling the kettle black.\'94 Ma looked up.\
She seemed to be waiting for a reaction. \
"It's wrong, I tell you. Preacher said faith isn\'92t sticking your head in the ground and hoping God fixes the rest. He said we have to take a stand. A stand against evil." I reached for my water from the side table and took a sip. \
"Evil, is it?" Her voice raised. "Your imagination runs wild. Pa\'92s taking care of his family, so that's evil, is it?" \
Water spit out everywhere. I blurted though it, "Since when does Pa take care of us?" \
Ma\'92s body went ridged. She tossed her sewing aside and moved toward me. She lifted her hand; our gazes\'92 clenched. Neither moved. \
Closest she had ever come to hitting me. \
She stormed out of the living room crying. "There\'92s just so much you don\'92t understand."\
I followed her into her bedroom where she laid on the bed crying. Spooning her from behind, I smoothed her hair, over and over, as her body shook. "It\'92s okay, ma. It\'92s going to be okay. You didn\'92t mean it." I stroked her head. "You\'92re not like pa. It\'92s okay." The grief and longing of her tears infected me with sadness. }