{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I wasn't sure things would ever be right with me and Aiden. Pa never made me feel dirty\'96\'96used\'96\'96but not dirty. Both those Cartel men taking turns, laughing and joking\'96\'96that made me feel dirty. I couldn't stop seeing them, feeling them. Out of nowhere, my nostrils clogged with their stench, my skin shriveled from grit, and my mouth rusted with the taste of blood.\
I returned to the hospital the next day to pick up Jeb, and take him to the funeral, then home. We talked the whole way. Had he changed or did I? 	"I owe you an apology," Jeb said.\
I took my eyes off the road to look at him. \
"I haven't treated you good," he said. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Was I to agree?
\f0\i0 \
"Aiden tells me you're the one responsible for getting me out from under the Cartel's thumb." \
I fixed on the road in front of me.\
Silence grew. \
"Your ma got pregnant after that night," his breathing deep, "with you." \
I sensed him starring at me. \
"No, you couldn't have been mine, before you ask, but oh how I wanted you to be. Instead, you became a constant reminder of how I lost your ma. Don't get me wrong, I loved my wife, and am grateful for Aiden and Jo. I hope I treated her well, but even she saw I still loved your ma."\
Silent questions filled the space between us.\
I drew in a breath. "But why? Why would she marry him?"\
"You never met her Pa, did you?" \
I shook my head. \
"Your Pa was a mouse compared to your Grand-Pa. Meanest son-of-a-bitch I ever met." \
The entries in my ma's diary, her savings, made even more sense now.\
"Your pa and your ma's pa frequented the same drinking hole. One night, drunk as a tick in a bloodbath, he bragged about what he did and when Susan turned up pregnant six weeks later, he put two and two together and went after your pa. You Gramps was no match for your Pa. Your ma and him married the next day. And in return, your pa got the farm." \
"So, you're the one ma wrote about?" I said, seeing the words of the pages of her diary appear before my eyes. \
His eyes squinted. \
"She kept a diary. She wrote about a man who treated her with kindness, with warmth. I thought she was talking about Pa when they first met. O guess I wanted to believe pa had been good once. But it was you." \
Tears filled his eyes. He leaned in and rubbed my shoulder. \
"And you deserve to be treated like that too. I've resented you from the day you were conceived. I was no match for your Pa in strength or grit. So, I took my sorrow out on you."\
My breathing grew ragged, tears welled. \
"Aiden loves you, you know? Not Bee. You." \
The sound of his name provoked visions of a revolving door of men taking their turn at me. Tears flowed as memories flooded in about pa and everything he did to Bee. To me.\
"But he doesn't know everything," I said scrunching closed the top of my shirt. The pain in my ribs throbbed.\
"Maybe not. But there's nothing that boy can't handle when it comes to you." \
"There is no Bee." \
Jeb smiled that same knowing smile I had seen so many times. "Glad to hear it. Now maybe you can heal and learn to love as much as I loved your ma."\
"Now, let's get to the store before my kids give everything away," Jeb said, lightening the mood. \
Jeb broke into a contagious laugher. The first time I laughed in months. The first time Bee laughed, ever.  }