{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Brave new world}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 November 15, 2048}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron had only minutes before she had to contact Raefe. If he awoke without her first preparing him, there was no telling what he might do. She knew what his first question would be, and so she searched for Salmerikon in the waveform. What had he done about Lina?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just as she sensed Salmerikon, he walked into her quarters.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know you have to contact Raefe right now,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a lot I need to explain to you, but it will have to wait. Just for now, tell him that Lina is alive, she\u8217\'92s in Efricar, and that in this timeline, they have not met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But she will carry recent memories, no?\u8221\'94 Aleron asked, \u8220\'93Just as he does?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, she will understand the last year or so of her old life, similar to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92ll be relieved. When can we talk further?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just find me when you\u8217\'92re ready. We have much to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She had a lot more to ask him, but she put all of her questions aside and let her mind drift into the wormhole interface network, which now connected to Earth in the new timeline. She had not entangled with Raefe in this timeline yet \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the first time in a new timeline was always a bit tricky. She thought of his thought pattern in the same way she would remember a face in a crowd. As the complex waveform coming from Earth in the new timeline washed over her, she looked for his signature. There!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shifting a person\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s consciousness from their body in one timeline to their body in a different one was not a skill she had training in. For the infrequent occasions when the Guardians did this, specialists in Anatope\u8217\'92s group usually drove the process. That had not been possible after Anatope put up so many roadblocks, yet somehow it had been done. She would have to ask Salmerikon later how he had made all of this work. Now her concern was to prepare Raefe for his new life.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fortunately, whomever had carried out the transfer had arranged to transfer Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s consciousness into his new self while that new self was asleep. She could prepare him before he woke up. She found his dreaming mind and guided his thoughts to a quiet beach on Cape Cod. She assumed her familiar appearance again. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mars Girl! What brings you back?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked her in his dream state.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Before you went to sleep, we were talking. Do you remember?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm. I remember listening to some BrazBeat just before I went to bed. Before that\u8230\'85yes, I\u8217\'92m starting to remember. Lina was there. Something bad was happening\u8230\'85\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good, she thought. He had some continuity of experience, something to keep him from being totally disoriented.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, so you do remember. Something catastrophic was about to happen \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the island you were on was about to be drowned in a tidal wave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes widened. She watched as his face became a silent movie of him trying to integrate Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s experiences on Truro Island with Raefe\u8217\'92s experience here, in this timeline.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shit. That wasn\u8217\'92t a dream, was it? You said you would move me somewhere. Where am I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You tell me. When you went to bed, where were you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My apartment in TechTown. How can that be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to explain some things to you that are going to be hard to accept. Please let me finish and then I\u8217\'92ll answer all of your questions. Okay?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re scaring me, but sure, go ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When I first made contact with you, I explained that my people can send their thoughts instantly across space through wormholes, and that they can receive other people\u8217\'92s thoughts the same way. We can do something else, too: we can send a person\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s consciousness across not only space, but time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does that even mean? Send your thoughts through time? To who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To put it simply, we sent your thoughts to you, in another timeline.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what, it\u8217\'92s not 2050 anymore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, we can\u8217\'92t send thoughts to the past or future. But we can send them to many different presents. I realize your species hasn\u8217\'92t discovered this yet, although some of your scientists have examined the idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and some of our habitual drug users, as well. You\u8217\'92re kidding me \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that\u8217\'92s really true?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. We exist in many universes, each different in many ways, subtle or obvious. Just as there are universes where you don\u8217\'92t exist. Because random events that led to your existence never happened, or because random events led to your destruction. In this case, a tidal wave on Earth in one universe caused your death there. The beach on the island where you stood with Lina, holding her hands, where you told her you loved her? This is that beach in your world. In this universe, it\u8217\'92s not on an island because it is still part of Cape Cod. That tidal wave never happened because the Greenland Ice Sheet still exists. And the Surtsey volcano hasn\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t erupted, because of many other events that are different in the two universes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re telling me that there are many me\u8217\'92s, each slightly different?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Basically yes. And that the people I work with can identify and contact those versions of you. And send energy from one to the other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So let me guess \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you have a message from another me? He wants to know if I know where the keys to his motorbike are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled at the joke. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, it never occurred to the other you that any version of you would be less absent minded,\u8221\'94 she said, glad he was trying to make light of this. \u8220\'93No, the message we sent to you was your consciousness. Or more properly, your memories and emotions of the last year or so. So even though I have never met you  in this timeline before, you remembered meeting Mars Girl because you did just recently meet her in your other timeline.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here on Earth we have a term for people with two personalities: mentally ill. You\u8217\'92re telling me that a few hours ago I was a normal person, but now a version of me that was killed on some sort of catastrophic version of Earth is now living inside my head?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean by normal, but otherwise, yes. I wish we had been able to do this more slowly, and you could have been better prepared. But nature took its course and I had to save your life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93By driving me crazy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, by giving you a second chance. A second chance to turn your abilities from a cause of headaches and sleeplessness to a force to change your world. A second chance to build a life that you will be proud of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was quiet, trying to absorb it all. The fire had gone out of him. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can remember you telling me about these abilities in another dream. And when I awoke, I knew you were right. I don\u8217\'92t know if you\u8217\'92\u8217\'92ve done me a favor or not. I guess it\u8217\'92s done and I\u8217\'92ll have to learn to live with it. I\u8217\'92m remembering now, you telling me this would happen, before the flood. You said Lina would be here too. Is she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. She\u8217\'92s has always lived in this new world, so as with you, I was just a matter of transferring her consciousness. So Lina is here, and she also now carries the consciousness that she had in your former timeline.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So when I wake up, what, she\u8217\'92ll be lying next to me in bed and she\u8217\'92ll tell me about this weird dream she had?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, in this timeline, you have not yet met. But she will know you, and know that you were lovers, and she will feel the need to reunite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what am I supposed to do? Post online: \u8216\'91Nice Jewish boy interested in Afro-Chinese woman from a different timeline looking for empathic mate?\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a bit more complicated than that. Over the next few days, I will visit you and tell you what you need to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How did he take it?\u8221\'94 Salmerikon asked, sinking into the chair her room made for him when he visited.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s angry. We\u8217\'92ve disrupted his life, and he doesn\u8217\'92t see why. His abilities have only ever been disabilities to him. I\u8217\'92m counting on his memories of the flood and the refugee camp to spark a sense that he\u8217\'92s dodged a bullet. I talked to him about second chances. I hope he can grasp that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hope so too. I think you said the right things, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But I need to understand what the hell is going on here. There are too many secrets between us. How did you transport him to a new timeline without Anatope\u8217\'92s group? And what did you do with Lina?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I would have explained had there been time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, there\u8217\'92s time now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve suspected for some time that Anatope has had his own agenda. Given the importance of the Earth project, I had made contingency plans. Let\u8217\'92s just say that in 800 years of being a Guardian, I have acquired a passing knowledge of everything we do. And friends throughout the different departments. I will tell the Council that I exercised my authority as head to carry out an emergency transport of Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And Lina?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They cannot know about Lina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why? What have you done?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I told you that I implanted the knowledge of Raefe and their relationship in her mind. How did you think I did that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The realization of what he had done broke slowly over her. She could not believe it. She would make him say it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Like most intelligent life, she had latent abilities to entangle. I brought them to the surface.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You used your abilities to change her brain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, I combined with Raefe to do it. That\u8217\'92s why I asked you to have Raefe be with her when his mind was transported. When humans feel deeply about each other, as Raefe and Lina do, they are all but entangled. I could feel the pathways her mind uses to connect to other people. And I, in essence, trained her to feel them by showing her precisely where Raefe\u8217\'92s thoughts were in her mind. Time will tell how well she takes to it, but she is now a rudimentary empath and an entangler as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you know it was wrong. It\u8217\'92s always been a guiding principle of the Guardians \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we guide, we don\u8217\'92t direct. We use what evolution has given our contacts, not what we can redesign them to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know it is illegal. And risky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and you have put her at risk, not to mention the entire Earth project \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and the 9 billion people on the planet \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  at risk. And what about me? First you lobby for me to guide Earth \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  why I don\u8217\'92t know \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and then you make it unlikely that I will be allowed to continue. I\u8217\'92m wondering if your mind is working properly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted you in charge of the Earth project because I know you\u8217\'92re honest and you are a true Guardian.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, a true Guardian? There were dozens of other Guardians who could have taken this on. It\u8217\'92s only a small project \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  a few thousand promising latents to monitor and a handful of active entanglers, with only one sufficiently far along to actually contact.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I have shielded you from too much,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93I see that now. As head of the Guardian Council, I cannot share all with you. But as two people trying to do the right thing, we have to share more of what we know. And that is on me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded, waiting to hear more.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not every Guardian believes in our mission,\u8221\'94 he continued.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t really believe\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me finish,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You weren\u8217\'92t on the Council when certain things happened. For example, when the first Earth project failed. Or when the 100 year assessment was made of new candidate species.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I wasn\u8217\'92t even a Guardian when the last assessment was done. And I was just an ambassador in training when the Earth project first began.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Think of how we Guardians work. We have five main pillars: Discovery, Information Analytics, Ambassadors, Administration and Timelines. Discovery finds inhabited worlds that show signs of intelligent life \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  gases in the atmosphere that don\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t occur naturally, broadcasts, that sort of thing. Information Analytics then monitors those worlds, building up a fuller picture and creating  a profile of what stage of development these life forms are at. They are in charge of the 100 Year Assessments, which set our agenda. At the last one, which was 80 years ago, they presented only one candidate to the Council for an Ambassador.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just Earth? I guess I had never made that connection. Were there really no others?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There were four or five others. But several in the Council talked them down. \u8216\'91Not promising,\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91light years from advancement,\u8217\'92 and so on. And they were barely willing to continue with some of the species we had begun with from the prior assessment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, so Earth is the only game in town. How does that justify rigging the game?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is not about Earth. Don\u8217\'92t you see? The very existence of the Guardian mission is being called into question. If Earth is our only project, and Earth fails, what purpose do we serve? Ask your colleagues in Information Analytics \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  do they think there are more worlds to guide? Not likely.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, what if it\u8217\'92s true? What if we have fulfilled our mission and identified all the civilizations that both needed our help to advance and warranted our involvement to prevent them from becoming a threat? At least in this region of the galaxy?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think it would be more accurate to say that we aren\u8217\'92t looking very hard, and we aren\u8217\'92t very eager to try any more. We have done nothing to expand our search area or to refine our assessments in centuries. I\u8217\'92ve come to believe that a growing number of Guardians, particularly on the Council, have lost sight of our purpose.  I\u8217\'92m going to call this issue tomorrow at the Council \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I hope to reignite the fires. But I implore you not to bring up Lina. Raefe, I will take responsibility for bypassing the usual procedures. But if we acknowledge Lina\u8217\'92s transformation, that will become the only issue on the table and the consequences will be dire. I know I\u8217\'92ve lost your trust, but I hope you will come to see that I made a hard choice to preserve our work with Raefe, and with the humans, because otherwise, the odds of their survival are quite low.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am deeply torn over this, Salmerikon. I want neither the affection I had for you nor the distrust I\u8217\'92m feeling now to decide. You will know tomorrow what my decision is about Lina. But it may take me longer to come to decide what our future holds.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After he left, her anger faded to sadness. Their life together had been a growing joy, an adventure of the mind, body and spirit that had a bright future. Many Guardians had trouble understanding what life was like for species who had only what evolution had given them, whose lives lasted only a century or so. Such a life seemed so incomplete, fleeting, fraught with loss and unrealized dreams. Just now, she felt closer to a life of transient joy and unpredictable loss than she ever had before.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}