{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Into the fold}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Anatope fidgeted with his tea, remembering that Hanakori was always late. After Aleron\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s visit, he had told Hanakori that she had come to visit. Kori insisted they should meet. Too important to let this float in the waveform, he had said. So here Anatope was, looking out over the Red Canyons, sipping bitter tea.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hanakori appeared around the corner. Strange that he had not sensed him before that, Anatope thought. Kori seemed to glide into his chair, just as a waiter appeared with a glass of water.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, my young friend,\u8221\'94 Hanakori said, \u8220\'93so good of you to come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You asked me to keep an eye on Aleron,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d be interested to hear what she was interested in.\u8221\'94 He told Kori about the alternate timelines, leaving out the conversation about Kori\u8217\'92s tenure as ambassador to Earth.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Her boy must be failing,\u8221\'94 Hanakori said, with no small glee. \u8220\'93She wants to know if she can keep him going on some better Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I suspect so. I told her about the history of the project.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You did what? Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, she was bound to find out. But I also gave her the impression that she only got the assignment because of her tie to Salmerikon. I don\u8217\'92t think she\u8217\'92s going to want to get too insistent now. She\u8217\'92ll only embarrass herself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93True. Thanks for letting me know.\u8221\'94 Hankori went still, staring at nothing in particular. Anatope could feel nothing from his mind, which was weird.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Kori, are you OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hanakori smiled. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93All my friends have called me that only once. Please don\u8217\'92t. Our society seems hell-bent to break down every last barrier between individuals. I prefer to keep some boundaries, and would appreciate you honor the familial part of my name. For me, the history of my ancestors is a source of great pride.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 Anatope said, embarassed. He\u8217\'92d heard this about Kori, but was still surprised that it was true. Everyone had a past, so what? \u8220\'93As you wish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. But let\u8217\'92s not worry about that. I think this incident with Aleron is a good moment to talk about the future, not the past.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. What about the future?\u8221\'94 Anatope asked.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hankori went away again, just for a second. How does he do that, Anatope wondered. And why? It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s annoying.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Anatope, my young colleague,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93When you think of our society, what do you think holds it up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Hmmm. I\u8217\'92d never really thought of that,\u8221\'94 Anatope said. \u8220\'93I mean, I can see that we exist in a web of cultures, from Anonto\u8217\'92s own to the other Guardian worlds. Bits and pieces of this and that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, true,\u8221\'94 Hanikor said. \u8220\'93But entirely beside the point. Our world is built on these things: entanglement, the wormhole interface and enhancement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93OK, I see how you get to that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93We have had those things for thousands of years, and yet they remain the pillars of our existence. Do you ever wonder why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, because they work,\u8221\'94 Anatope said, puzzled by the question. \u8220\'93For 10,000 years, we have had no wars, no famines. We live longer and better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What if I told you that we could live forever?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d ask you why and how.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Why not? When I was younger, my mother and father passed. They had not merely given birth to me, in the way of the ancients, and left me to my own. Our minds had intermingled, our thoughts and feelings shared at the deepest level. And yet, they were gone. Later, my own child was killed in an accident \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  yes, it still happens. And my mates will leave the world, and not so long from now. Why endure all of this suffering?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Anatope said. \u8220\'93I was taught, like everyone else, that there is no alternative. There is no life without death.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93And who are these gods,\u8221\'94 Hankori laughed, \u8220\'93who know how much or how little we may accomplish throughout eternity?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 OK, interesting question, thought Anatope. Kori might seem a little off, but never dull.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you have in mind?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hankori smiled. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93In due time. But for now, let\u8217\'92s talk about the Guardians. Our mission has always been to preserve intelligent life, which seems to be about 20 species in our galaxy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So far.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if there are more, they\u8217\'92re doing a great job of hiding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 This was the great debate among the Guardian species. Where they it for the Milky Way? No matter which timelines Anatope had explored, the number never seemed to change much.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93OK, granted. What do you make of that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That our original mission has to change. That our approach to preservation of intelligent life has stagnated. Tell me, what would we do if some superior species from another galaxy, with technologies that we haven\u8217\'92t even dreamed of, attacked us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve always believed that wouldn\u8217\'92t happen. If they had survived long enough to become that developed, it could not have been on the basis of aggression.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Or perhaps we just don\u8217\'92t have the imagination to understand how they could develop that way. Are you willing to bet our future on that, forever?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Anatope was troubled by this line of argument. Could Hankori be on to something? Why not find out?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, I suppose not. What are the alternatives?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Now you are asking the right question. The only question the Guardians should be asking and the one question that we so far have refused to even look for the answer to. And you, young Anatope, can help us find that answer.\u8221\'94\tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}