{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Days came and days went, with me watching the gate whenever I could, to catch Mister Hare when he returned. He did not. The time of year means work in the garden is much reduced, flowers are at the end of their season and summer vegetables are passed. This and the fewer hours of daylight, means I have time to myself I do not have at the peak of the year. There is still plenty of work to do, but it needs the daylight hours and from dusk I am a free woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I reasoned I might have more of a chance to convince Mister Hare I would be fit to receive his assistance if I practised the arts I wished to acquire, so to this end I began to follow the movements of others in the house. My first attempts were pathetic, walking so closely behind I was noticed and had to invent some excuse for being in the place, or being so far behind I lost my quarry very soon. With each one, however, I became more proficient and when the time came I was ready to make my plea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would be two weeks after the incident with the manure when my master sent me on an errand to one of his boatyards by the river in Low Town. As I set off and approached the lane at the side gate, the one the servants are allowed to use, I held back behind the large oak tree which stands there, when I spotted Molly, the daughter of a neighbour, Tom Brakspear. The girl is my own age, pretty in a plump kind of a way, and her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s few acres would make her a decent catch for any man with a little ambition to get on. If I could discover where she liked to go, and what she liked to do when away from her mother\u8217\'92s skirts, I may be able to make good use of these secrets later on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I let her past and walk toward the town in the watery sunshine, only stepping out when she was at the far end and unlikely to notice my movement. Stepping lively when Molly turned the corner, I soon caught up enough to see the street she had taken. Her destination would have been obvious had I thought about it. The market. She sauntered amongst the goods on display, lifting a piece of braid here, an apple there, and I could see nothing which would help me grab her attention the next time we spoke. I was about to leave, when I felt a hand on my shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Meg, what are you up to?\u8217\'92 It was Mister Hare\u8217\'92s voice. I turned and he winked then nodded in Molly\u8217\'92s direction. \u8216\'91Good looking young WENCH, that one. Might be a bit above your station though, eh?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I felt the blood rise in my cheeks. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I was following her, that\u8217\'92s all.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91What?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His laugh made me blush all the more. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I \u8230\'85 I mean I was practising.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Ay, but practising what? You can\u8217\'92t follow women about the streets you know, lad. Whatever would her mother say? Or your mother for that matter.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My tormentor must have seen how much he embarrassed me because he apologised and took my elbow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Come over here by the wall, Meg. I want a word.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a corner by the ale house and the CORN STORE we stood in the shadows, where we couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Can I ask you, Meg, does the magistrate beat you often like he did when I last visited?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I said nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Come on, you can tell me, lad. Does he beat you often?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I shouldn\u8217\'92t say, Mister Hare, sir.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91From that, I take it he does. Am I right?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91And do you deserve it?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91If the master thinks I do then I must, mustn\u8217\'92t I, sir.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91There are men in this world, Meg, who take pleasure from the hurting of others, but you\u8217\'92re good to be loyal to Mister Beaumont.\u8217\'92 He leant back against the wall and peered down at me. \u8216\'91Now then, what are you up to following Tom Brakspear\u8217\'92s daughter?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I want to be like you, sir.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Like me? Do I go following girls about the town?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I imagine you must, sometimes, sir. Well, people, not girls. Not all the time anyway. How would you catch thieves otherwise?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Ah. So you want to be a thief-taker?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anyone watching would have wondered why such a huge grin appeared on my face, but I couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help myself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I do, sir. Very much. Can you learn me?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Teach, not learn. But why should I?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The question stopped me in my tracks. I had thought he would have been happy to take some help. I blurted out the first words which came to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91You need an assistant. You know you do. Everyone says there\u8217\'92s crime everywhere. More than ever these days. You can\u8217\'92t do it all yourself.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91An assistant? I have no need for, nor money for, an assistant.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Money? I had not thought of payment. Not yet awhile anyway. You learn \u8230\'85 teach \u8230\'85 me your tricks and I will do the jobs you cannot be bothered with yourself. When you have seen my worth, sir, then perhaps we will agree a fair price for my time.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hare threw back his head and laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91By God, you deserve some help, just for the cheek of you. I have nothing at present I can use you for, but when I do I will get in touch. But first, tell me what Molly Brakspear bought from the second woman she spoke to.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bought? I saw her buy nothing. He guessed this from my furrowed brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91You did not notice, did you? She did not buy anything, she gave the woman several apples. If you are to make a good fist of this, then you must see everything. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Everything}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Do you understand?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I will do my best, sir.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Let us hope your best is good enough, Meg. And if we are to work together, my name is Edwin. I have no need of \u8220\'93sir\u8221\'94, leave that to the likes of your master.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A second later he was gone and I ran down the hill to complete Mister Beaumont\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s errand, laughing all the way. Only part was due to my pleasure at starting a new, and hopefully profitable career. The other part was that my new teacher did not realise I already did notice many things, like what I had seen him do when I had followed him a week ago.}}