{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Nila seemed to have quite a supply of meeting places that she thought were safe from prying eyes. Between classes she had told Mik to meet her this evening in an abandoned building near the Alewife. You had to walk past the building, turn down an alley that was nearly hidden by a big tree and then enter a rusted old door near the back. He had brought a flashlight like she said, finding his way down some sketchy stairs to a basement.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m over here,\u8221\'94 she said from a dark corner. She had a small battery-powered light she turned on. She must come here often, he thought. There was an old sofa on a rug in the corner. \u8220\'93The stairs in the main entrance are collapsed, so Sec didn\u8217\'92t think anyone could come down here. They don\u8217\'92t have any surveillance below the first floor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She hugged him a little tighter than usual.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You okay?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah. But there\u8217\'92s a lot to tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She told him about her trip to Chiang Mei.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did you see any elephants?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just a shrine to them. They\u8217\'92re gone now, extinct.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 he protested. \u8220\'93Mr. Alvarez said New K had revived them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He lied.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sons of bitches. I always wanted to see one, in person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I did, but it was a dead one. They must have been magnificent. Huge. Enormous feet. And of course, that funny trunk. But I found out some bad shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Worse than no more elephants?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, maybe not. But it turns out my mom is not just some Sec grunt. Robertson was there, and he knew her by name, like they were old friends. She introduced me to him And she gave some kind of talk to all the New K honchos.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No shit! About what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, it\u8217\'92s hard to explain. I couldn\u8217\'92t really hear all of it. Seems like they\u8217\'92re stepping up their snooping on tanglers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Huh. I guess I\u8217\'92m not surprised. Why do you think they\u8217\'92re doing that now? We\u8217\'92ve been at odds with Everywhere for decades. And what was Robertson like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Creepy. And I don\u8217\'92t know why now. I could guess. But I was scared, Mik. What if they find out about me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I hear you. Won\u8217\'92t your mom protect you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. And if she did, I\u8217\'92m afraid it would have a price. Like becoming a New K tool. I feel trapped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could feel her fear, her need for reassurance. Without thinking, he put his arms around her, drawing her to his chest. She folded herself into him. He could feel her warmth, feel her relax just a bit as he cradled the back of her head with his hand. They stood there for a second, still, just feeling each other\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s breathing. She looked up at him, her expression hard to read. He felt a rush of feelings.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He touched his lips with his index finger. She nodded and did the same. He pulled her head gently toward him and kissed her. It became a long kiss, passed back and forth, a wordless, rising conversation. A minute ago, she had seemed a mass of neediness. Now her needs seemed more focused.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She took his hand and led him to the couch. He realized that he had been anxious about just such a moment. She was older, probably had been with more people than he had, was more skilled. As exciting as that was, it was also a bit scary. But they undressed each other with about the same mix of fumbling and calm and he felt more able to forget his fears and focus on her now. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She wrapped them both in the blanket that had been covering the back of the couch. She seemed to sense his anxieties and climbed on top of him. She was light and strong and felt entirely alive to his touch. He closed his eyes and let his hands explore her, finding the places that pleased her. She leaned forward, kissing him, letting her breasts graze his chest. After a bit, she reached down between her legs and took him inside her, her heat and wetness grasping him, pulling him in. A little voice in his head worried that she could read his thoughts. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A somewhat louder voice suggested good, since she could }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 feel}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  his thoughts, for chrissakes, inside her, so stop worrying. And then he felt her fingers digging into his shoulder slightly, as if to say, hey, I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m here, and he realized that voice had been her, inside his head. He looked up, opening his eyes. In the half-dark, her eyes were closed, but there was a wild smile on her face and a feeling of joy washed him over him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then her hips seemed to be telling him something. He found her rhythm and soon all he could think of was their motion. And then he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think at all, as they spiraled inwards together to climax.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She rolled off him, squeezing  him toward the back of the couch. He lay on his side to accommodate her. She played with his hair a bit and then popped up and started getting dressed. So he did, too. Finally, she broke the silence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That was nice. I was wondering if we\u8217\'92d ever get to that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He wondered if she had asked him to this place just to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93get to that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No silly, I didn\u8217\'92t ask you here just to fuck you. Don\u8217\'92t underestimate yourself \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you are really a very reassuring and compassionate person. A half hour ago I was a quivering wreck. Now I\u8217\'92m just quivering, thanks to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Happy to help,\u8221\'94 he said, not knowing how to respond. He had no idea that he could be reassuring to anyone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t hold you to it, if that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s bothering you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I wasn\u8217\'92t worried. Or bothered, I don\u8217\'92t think. I like you, you must know that. And I\u8217\'92d be lying if I didn\u8217\'92t admit that I, too, had been wondering if we were ever going to take the next step.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Easy, boy. One day at a time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He blushed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean it that way. Don\u8217\'92t worry, I\u8217\'92m not going to ask you to marry me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good, because right now I\u8217\'92m not looking to say \u8216\'91no\u8217\'92 to you. Let\u8217\'92s leave it at \u8216\'91yes, that was fun and nice and we found something together.\u8217\'92 Because I don\u8217\'92t know what tomorrow will bring and neither do you,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And that was the problem, he realized. He hated not knowing what tomorrow would bring. It usually brought shit \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  more crap at school and home, more floods, more worries about what job he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be stuck with. But he needed to know.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When we were\u8230\'85were you inside my head?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Was I?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I guess I got carried away, you know\u8230\'85I shouldn\u8217\'92t have done that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, it was OK. Sex is weird sometimes \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you feel these overwhelming things but you have no idea if the other person is feeling the same thing. And there you were. It was\u8230\'85reassuring, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Happy to help,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I guess that\u8217\'92s as much reassurance as I can give right now. I can\u8217\'92t see the future anymore than you. And yeah, it bothers me, too. Maybe I\u8217\'92ve learned to live with that more than you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, he realized. All that enactor stuff, her rebel image, that was her learning to live with uncertainty. Something to be said for that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think I hear your thoughts a bit now,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I seem to sense things about you. I don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s because I\u8217\'92m a good listener or because you\u8217\'92re telling me them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cool,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s because I trust you. I let you sense them without realizing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you should be careful,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Given the new circumstances.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t worry, I don\u8217\'92t trust that many people,\u8221\'94 she said.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>*****<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Shit, what have I done, she thought, walking back from her little hidey hole. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a good kid, I like him, and it was a fun, sweet romp. A bit more actually \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they had connected there for a while. But shit is already too complicated. Is he going to want to come with me when I go? Do I want him to?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her mind buzzed: And what if he doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t, and my feelings for him get more intense? I\u8217\'92ll hate him for making me stay. I have to avoid these moments of opening myself up, she thought, it will only put me in danger. No, that\u8217\'92s not right, either, she argued with herself. What\u8217\'92s the point of having empathic skills if I can\u8217\'92t be an empath, either to myself or him? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d try to find REM and ask him how he dealt with these moments. Or would he just think she\u8217\'92s a silly teenage girl? He\u8217\'92s old enough to be my grandfather, for fuck\u8217\'92s sake, she thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her face was still flushed from sex, and the night air felt cool against it. It was too much to figure out now and she just let the heat and the coolness mix, feeling like somehow it was a metaphor for something. The answer would come, in time.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}