{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Getting in touch<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 February, 2099<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2>The shock of Mik\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s birthday night faded with each passing week. In its place was a sense that he had changed, saw things more clearly now. He had cautiously asked around if any of the other kids that had been at other checkpoints that night had gotten shit from the Secs. None had \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the New Kendall brass seemed eager to move on, not keep the conversation alive. Nila had seen that with her mom, who wouldn\u8217\'92t talk about it at all.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nila and he, on the other hand, had been doing a lot of talking. He\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d told her again that he didn\u8217\'92t know if he would leave New Kendall, but she seemed to take it in stride. Something was brewing between them, he could feel that. He just didn\u8217\'92t know what yet. But he wanted to find out.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 That would have to wait. She was off with her mom, who insisted she accompany her to some Sec conference somewhere. All very hush, hush. So it was back with the old gang again this Friday night. First he\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d have to go through the obligatory Dinner with the Folks routine.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Not that he hated his parents. Tiffany and Larry were alright, in their own way. Some of his parents friends were far worse. But not more annoying. T&L seemed to think that asking him a million questions was giving him a chance to express himself, to connect with them. The problem was that they only wanted to hear certain answers and it was exhausting trying to figure out what the right ones were.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Tonight they seemed concerned about his occupational choices.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I imagine the first pass on The List will be out soon,\u8221\'94 Larry said, like he had just discovered something vital.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Three weeks,\u8221\'94 Mik replied.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Any rumors about what\u8217\'92s going to be on it?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93About a million,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93The usual: rats for Sec, cannon fodder for Def, marketing, logistics, AI interfacers, eng software monkeys, etcetera. There\u8217\'92s a rumor they\u8217\'92re looking for people with non-English speaking skills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 Larry intoned. \u8220\'93Wonder what that\u8217\'92s about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I hear there are problems in Asia,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93My boss was called into a big meeting last week. Slowdown in production there, someone said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They went on with office gossip for awhile, which was fine with him, as he knew nothing and cared less. But then they remembered their Mission in Life, raising a Good Citizen of New Kendall. The son who would make sure that they were taken care of when they could no longer contribute to the corporation.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, anyway, Mik, back to The List,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93Anything got your eye so far?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I was thinking maybe AI interfacer,\u8221\'94 he said, just to keep things going. \u8220\'93Soft eng is too deep \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  I got lost in that. Lucky to get Bs. But all that AI stuff doesn\u8217\'92t really work right most of the time and they need people to troubleshoot it, go in and see where the algos go wrong. Turns out I\u8217\'92m good at spotting what doesn\u8217\'92t belong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, I guess that could be good,\u8221\'94 Tiff said. \u8220\'93It seems a little boring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Unlike all the other jobs, he thought. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I suppose. Maybe boring is good,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Maybe that would leave time for other stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Other stuff? Like what?\u8221\'94 Larry asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I\u8217\'92m always so busy with school. Maybe once I\u8217\'92m done and working I\u8217\'92ll have time to do other stuff. I don\u8217\'92t know, like be in a play.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93A play?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked. \u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you about 60 years too late for that? Or do you mean Net plays?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, real plays,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Some kids do them. Seems like fun. Or marsh boating. Or playing an instrument.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 That lay there for a minute until Larry thought of something to say.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, a man\u8217\'92s got to have his fun,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I can see that. But I just worry that something like AI handler could be a ticket to nowhere. How do you get promoted from that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Huh, never thought of that,\u8221\'94 he said, not wanting to tell him that was exactly the point. Promotion meant having to deal with the higher ups, having to believe the bullshit and be able to recite it back. He wasn\u8217\'92t sure he wanted that kind of attention.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, let\u8217\'92s think about this another way,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93When you think of New Kendall, I mean the whole corporation, not just here, what do you think of it as?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Teachers say it\u8217\'92s the world\u8217\'92s largest corporation. It\u8217\'92s everywhere and makes everything. So I thought, OK, everywhere and everything. So seeing how the AI helps steer things, I thought I\u8217\'92d learn a lot about all the things that New Kendall is into. Maybe I\u8217\'92d find something I really like there and I could go with that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe, yes. But New Kendall isn\u8217\'92t just the world\u8217\'92s biggest. It\u8217\'92s the world\u8217\'92s most powerful corporation, probably the world\u8217\'92s most powerful organization of any kind. Do you know why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Because they\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92re willing to shoot anyone who gets in their way, he thought. \u8220\'93Because it\u8217\'92s everywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Larry smiled. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s part of it, sure. And it\u8217\'92s into everything, sure. But old man Robertson, he was the one who first understood that AI could keep track of all the world\u8217\'92s goods and services and use that knowledge to make money in new ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Because New Kendall always knows where there\u8217\'92s a supply and at what price, no matter what,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s where I work, in Supply Intelligence. Anything you can think of, we can find it in seconds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And we always know what it\u8217\'92s selling for all around the world,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Demand Generation does. We partner with your mom\u8217\'92s group. That\u8217\'92s what made us the perfect couple!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik braced for the 1,000 time they laughed at that \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93joke.\u8221\'94 And there it was!}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I just don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92d be happy doing something like that,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m good with numbers, no prob. But I think I\u8217\'92d be bored.\u8221\'94 There, he\u8217\'92d said it. And they looked slightly miffed.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Huh, never been a problem for me,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93But maybe you think AI is where the real action is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, maybe,\u8221\'94 he said, actually having no idea.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not,\u8221\'94 Larry continued, satisfied he had snapped the trap shut. \u8220\'93Is that what you want? To be more at the heart of things? Then you should think about Monetization. That\u8217\'92s what make New Kendall\u8217\'92s world go round.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I thought they just counted the money,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93They do,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said, \u8220\'93after they figure out how to make it. They put together the intel from Sup Int and Demand Gen and figure out what to buy and where to sell it to make the highest profit. For example, we might discover that there\u8217\'92s a bumper crop of cattle in Siberia because the spring was warm enough, early enough, to lengthen the feeding season and fatten them up. Dem Gen might find out that Korea\u8217\'92s soy crop didn\u8217\'92t do so well and they\u8217\'92re looking for any form of protein and willing to pay for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But Korea could buy all sorts of things,\u8221\'94 Mik protested, \u8220\'93and they have lots of money. Wouldn\u8217\'92t you want to sell it to, say, Spain, because they had such a bad drought this year and their crops failed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany chuckled. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93New Kendall is not a charity. Spain also has tons of debt and couldn\u8217\'92t buy that much of the Siberian surplus. Korea can buy it all and is willing to pay 5% over market to get it and freeze it for next year, just in case.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So what are the people in Spain going to eat?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the genius of New Kendall,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll locate low-cost crops and sell it to Spain and still make a profit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So, let \u8216\'91em eat corn?\u8221\'94 Mik asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93More like millet,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93Beggars can\u8217\'92t be choosers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s the kind of stuff Monetization does?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93Figure out who to fleece and who to screw?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Mik! Why would you say that?\u8221\'94 his mother asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that what it is?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I want to be involved in that. I\u8217\'92ve got nothing against Spain. Or Korea. I just want to stay dry and have three squares a day. And whatever happened to figuring out how to fix the world?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think we are doing?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re the only thing standing between this broken world and utter chaos.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Then we are truly fucked, Mik thought. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I thought we were just making money so we could live better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No need for sarcasm, young man,\u8221\'94 Larry said. \u8220\'93If you have a better idea, we\u8217\'92re all ears.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I did. But I think at least in AI I\u8217\'92d have some time to think about that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s your life,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If only, he thought. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I still have time to think it over. I\u8217\'92ll give it some thought. Meanwhile, I promised Junior I\u8217\'92d meet him and the guys up at the Teen Center.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, just be home by 10. School night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He walked over to the school. In the back, the gym door was open. At night, they let the kids use it to hang out. He found Junior and Manuel and his cousin Seanito.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Look who showed up,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93Nila dump you, or she got her }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DE887815-445F-422E-AC57-9355A73A8623"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24\b0\i0 period?}}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Very funny,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Out of town. No choice but to look at your ugly face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You want a choice? How about kissing my ass?\u8221\'94 Junior shot back, but there was no fire in it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You must really want some butt love,\u8221\'94 Manny said, \u8220\'93looking for this guy to kiss it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Guys, guys,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93I got it. I ain\u8217\'92t been down here in awhile and you\u8217\'92re jealous. Let\u8217\'92s not waste this precious time arguing about just how true that is. I\u8217\'92m happy to see you after dinner with my folks, anyway. They seem to think they\u8217\'92re recruiters for New K \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  getting all up on me about jobs and ambition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I hear you,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93You know they just want to make sure you\u8217\'92re happy. And that you\u8217\'92ll have enough Kendall coin to feed their asses when they\u8217\'92re 55 and New K dumps them for somebody younger and better looking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds like the voice of experience,\u8221\'94 Manny said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve all had that talk,\u8221\'94 Seanito said. \u8220\'93Big Sean wants me to follow him into Def. \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ve blazed the trail, hijo. You just need to walk in my footsteps.\u8217\'92 And who\u8217\'92s going to scrape all the bullshit off my shoes walking in them steps?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Truth,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93My dad thinks I should shoot for Monetization. Which I finally found out what they do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do tell,\u8221\'94 Junior said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Turns out they\u8217\'92re the ones who figure out who\u8217\'92s going to get the worst screwing, as far as squeezing people for coin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh yeah, my dad told me the same,\u8221\'94 Seanito said. \u8220\'93The way he tells it, Sec finds out where the toilet paper is stored, Def goes and steals it, and Money sends texts to all the people on the shitter letting them know how they can get fresh toilet paper for only twice the normal price.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They all laughed.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But seriously, what are you guys thinking about doing?\u8221\'94 Mik asked, curious. And no one had any more idea than he did.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it don\u8217\'92t matter anyway,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93Robertson and his guys call the shots. We\u8217\'92re just the drones making it all happen. Red drone, blue drone, what\u8217\'92s the dif?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You know they\u8217\'92re going to tell you?\u8221\'94 Seanito said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll sit us down in a few weeks and tell us what the AI recommends. My dad says they give you three choices. They say you can do anything else, but if you don\u8217\'92t pick one of those three, you might get a pretty tough welcome wherever you go. They\u8217\'92ll see you as dead wood from the start, you\u8217\'92ll always have to prove that the AI was wrong. You\u8217\'92ll always be blamed when things don\u8217\'92t go right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, toss a three-sided coin, Mik,\u8221\'94 Manny advised. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t stress about it. Whatever, you\u8217\'92ll get high ground, four walls and three squares. And a free subscription to Kendall Entertainment Network.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik let it go. He could see they weren\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t too happy but didn\u8217\'92t want to admit there was nothing they could do about it.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}}