{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Clearing her mind}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 June 4, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 After her swim with Salmerikon, Aleron had spent several days buried in work. She had wanted to say yes to him on the spot, but mistrusted herself and needed time to think. The conflict with Hankori was ominous and strange. All the same, she had spent considerable hours monitoring Raefe and Lina a Dadaab, and things there were going better than she had expected.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The Guardians had long debated how conscious entanglement had arisen through evolution. After all, Na\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92Wra had no one to teach her. Nothing in her culture prepared her for it, or even considered it possible. Many scholars had concluded that the survival pressures of extended war had triggered epigenetic changes in her. These same changes enabled her to make them permanent and to instruct her progeny in how to trigger them and keep them from dissolving. Lina\u8217\'92s experiences at Dadaab lent credence to that theory. The emergence of Fatima and Edna as naive entanglers was living proof that certain kinds of stresses could trigger this evolution. Still, the details were murky.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 All very interesting if her job was as a researcher, but she was a Guardian ambassador. Most exciting was the convergence of Raefe and Lina\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s abilities with the social awareness of Citizens of Nowhere and the alternate economic system of the New Voodo Army. This was the first time in Earth\u8217\'92s history that the prototypical elements had come together that usually helped civilizations escape the Optimization phase and grow into a more sustainable culture. The Guardian archives were full of such flowerings failing. But of the 20 civilizations now in the Guardians, all but one had followed this sort of path.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She would give Salmerikon her answer in a few days, but first, she needed to be sure. It was time for alakh, or thinking sleep. She arranged her room for maximum quiet. She removed herself from all entanglements. Finally she disconnected her enhancements from all communications. She was alone with her thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She watched the movie of her life as if it were someone else. For more than 100 years, she had been the bright female that everyone liked. She was the person who had energy and promise. But her accomplishments were minor. Despite what Salmerikon said, she was sure that she would never lead the Guardian Council as he had. She was not a pathbreaker.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And yet she realized now that she couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know that. She didn\u8217\'92t know what the future would bring, with or without Salmerikon, with or without the Guardian Council. She couldn\u8217\'92t pretend that her future lay only in that context. It was time to inventory just what she had done.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She had engaged with Raefe and now in only a year or so, had brought him very far down the road to being a significant change agent. She had helped him through his trials with separation, and now he and Lina were a force to be reckoned with. No one had recruited a new civilization to the Guardians in centuries and now she was close to doing just that.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The point wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t that she had accomplished this, but that she had surprised herself with her strength, perseverance and skill. These would be her pillars, no matter what she undertook. And she realized that Salmerikon had said these things to her many ways, many times. And now she knew that he was not just acting the teacher, but also the pupil. He needed her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Not just him. If what he had said was right, the Guardians needed her. Although he was only in his late middle years and not yet old, he had lost hope and strength. Hankori was cunning and she knew he had allies planted in many places. Salmerikon had held Hankori off, but it was only a matter of time before he retreated to a place from which he would no longer be able to stop Hankori in whatever it was he was doing. And she was sure he was up to no good.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Connection, people, life \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  these were fundamental things she would fight for. These were the things that any future she wanted to be a part of would have to built on. The swirling thoughts in her head had spiraled down to this one clear point. She knew she should emerge from alakh now and walk that path.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It was nearly midnight, but she reached out to Salmerikon. As he made his way to her room, she let him feel her alakh. She opened the door for him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We will make a child, and will make a new Guardians,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I will do this with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She took him wordlessly to her bed. After they had made love, Salmerikon guided her in coupling to begin the creation process. In the next few weeks, he would nurture the egg he had fertilized and received from her. His body, with its enhanced nano gene repair tech, would remove any mistakes, correct any serious diseases, build an energy transfer layer around it and wrap it in a protective gel.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 When it was done, he would return to her, and they would perform the ancient ritual of transferring the embryo to her. Then her body would take over, and grow it until it was ready to be born. The time spent in both their bodies would allow the baby to immediately join their wave function, and its connection with them would pave its entrance into the larger community.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She knew that there would be pain and discomfort involved for both of them. Long ago, her species had tried to abolish all that by raising children outside the body. They learned the hard way that evolution had embedded in them the physicality of creation and birth. Both for the parents and the child, there were so many unforeseen and undesirable consequences to losing that experience. So they had contented themselves with merely making it safe.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the early morning hours, they smiled and sang the first songs of new parents-to-be together. To feel such a chorus for the first time was an experience worth a little discomfort.}}