{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I drove the ATV straight to Aiden's. I rode around to the back alley to park the ATV next to the stand-alone garage, but was surprised to see Mrs. Jones's car. The main house was dark, but light seeped from the rim of the garage door. What was she doing here so at 5 a.m.? What was she doing here at all? \
The garage had been converted to a workroom for Aiden's mom. Jeb added some windows for natural light, a window air conditioner, and a fan. The floor was still cement but the walls were covered in cork where she hung scissors, spools of yarn, glue guns and other craft tools and materials. On the garage door side, stood a large open cabinet that stored sheets of printed paper, stickers, and boxes of old photos for scrapbooking. Towards the end Jeb moved-in a day-bed which she used to take frequent naps.\
Peeking into the window, I saw it hadn't changed much. They hadn't even removed the craft stuff. It sat there as a sad reminder of the fun-loving woman, Joan Manwell was. \
Aiden and Mrs. Jones sat at a long table in the middle of the garage. It was covered with computer print outs, ledgers, a calculator, and a laptop that I recognized was Mrs. Jones. At one end of the table lay the canvas bag and brief case Aiden had at the motorhome. The bag was open revealing cash inside, small wrapped bundles like I found in the babies' graves. The briefcase was also open, but appeared to be empty. \
"This is great work, Aiden," said Mrs. Jones while taking pictures of some printouts. \
I couldn't believe my ears, Mrs. Jones was in on it too.\
"Wrap it up, I've got to get these to the store before the boss man arrives," said Aiden.\
"So based on what you've uncovered, the bookstore, the bowling alley and the dry cleaners are also indebted to the Cartel. Which corroborates what I'm seeing in their books," said Mrs. Jones. "They are laundering hundreds of thousands of dollars each month, in each business. Amazing." \
"Yep, I agree," said Aiden, who placed the papers back into the brief case and closed the lid. He took out a pen and appeared to mark several of the bills in the bag. "We can't tell the Feds all this yet. If they move in on the store owners, the Cartel might panic and go underground, or worse..." \
"You really think they have her?" Mrs. Jones shook her head. We can't hold it forever." Mrs. Jones leaned over and watched him mark the bills. "Doesn't look like much." \
"Nothing at all, that's the point, but under the right light we can identify these exact bills."\
I smiled remembering the marked bill experiment Mrs. Jones had me do.\
"You worried about a mole?" asked Mrs. Jones. \
"I know there is a mole. But if the store owners get caught with marked bills, maybe then we can try and flip them. Right now, we don't have enough," said Aiden. \
So they want to pull more store owners into Aiden's money laundering web. But now I knew something their Cartel bosses didn't. I now had leverage. \
\
 }