{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I had watched Edwin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cottage for half an hour or more, hoping he\u8217\'92d come out. I\u8217\'92d followed him there from the castle, where I spotted him as I came from behind Saint Mary Magdalene\u8217\'92s church. My master is a great benefactor of the parish and often tells me to tidy the graveyard or deliver flowers from his garden. This day there had been little for me to do other than sweep up the early leaves fallen in the autumn winds. Of course, Mister Beaumont would not know this, so I had no need to rush back when I left. Sometimes when this happens I will wander and find a quiet spot to rest my head, at others, I might walk down to the river and watch the boats loading coal and tiles from Broseley. Edwin had strode from the castle grounds and I had been hard pushed to keep up with him without giving myself away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expected Edwin\u8217\'92s home to be finer than it was. I knew the thief-taker had as much work as he wanted, and everyone said it paid him well. He hardly lived in a hovel, and it excelled the quarters I shared by a thousand times. I would also wager he did not have to endure the stench of horses seeping through his floor. On the other hand, it seemed only one step up from the cottages of the carters and boatmen who ply their trade along the river.}}