{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Picking up the pieces}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 Cambridge}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 January 18, 2099}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Raefe Epstein Miller was exhausted and it was only dawn. It wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t just that at 71 he really needed more than three hours sleep. He had lived through many hurricanes, but when they became these storm-surge, tidal-waved beasts that filled the nights with screams of panicked, drowning people, it was just too much of a reminder of that first fatal flood 51 years ago. He was only a mile or two from their old drowned TinyStack, and well, it was all just a bit overwhelming. Add to that, he was crashing in Tosh Winchester\u8217\'92s apartment, the son of one of the few people who had been with him and Lina when they had all died on Truro Island in their other life. Well, Tosh\u8217\'92s dad Alton had died back there, not much older than Tosh was now. The Alton in this world had been another Alton on another timeline, one of a nearly infinite number of them. This Alton knew nothing of that, nor would Raefe ever tell him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe and Lina were different. The Guardians had merged them with their alternate selves from that other timeline, but no one except their children knew that. Being here was like sitting in a thick tree branch above the ground, looking down at the thick trunk from which the branch had come, the trunk he had climbed to get here. He felt practically entangled with the very rock and water around him, memories of both timelines piling up. He needed air.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The sky was light slate with hints of blue. Even the sun seemed grayish in the aftermath of the storm. The air still tangy with ozone, wind and lightning having torn the very molecules apart. Even here in the relative safety of Porter Square, you got a sense that something bad had happened \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  haphazard branches littering the nearly empty streets, large branches splitting big old trees, restless trash containers rolling down the largely deserted streets. He opened his mind a bit  to the waveform, and felt strong notes of sadness, fear and resignation. It was what the waveform always felt like when people had lost loved ones, their homes, and their sense of a place where they belonged. He shut it down before he connected directly with individual people. He had nothing but emptiness to offer them just now.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In some ways, it had been just like the other storms that happened several times a year now. But it had also been bad luck, coming at the high tide, with the wind just so, driving hard up the rivers and streams, pushing them overland even as the storm filled them with rain. He knew from the waveform that more than a few people had died. Today would be a time for counting and figuring and maybe, if they had time, for easing the pain. By tomorrow, they would need to be in motion, rebuilding, reorganizing, rethinking their next steps.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How are we going to help them?\u8221\'94 It was Tosh, standing behind him. He hadn\u8217\'92t even noticed, he had been so lost in thought.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, how? That\u8217\'92s always the question,\u8221\'94 he replied, wishing he something less Buddha-like to say. \u8220\'93Have you felt the waveform?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Some. It hurts!\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93Like dipping your toe into scalding water. I had to back off. I was able to find the net, though, too. The Mystic and the Alewife were really pounded. There\u8217\'92s a lot of damage \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  everything between the river and Mass. Ave was under and in the east, all the way to Prospect and east to McGrath. First time Inman Square was under water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more than damage. I can feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, me, too,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93Grief and anger. People died, many more hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe sighed and allowed himself to feel the waveform more. He let it wash over him, and soon enough, he felt those who grieved. He found some who were also empaths. He let Tosh feel them, too. The kid would have to learn how to do this on his own. Raefe didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know how much more of this he had left in him. But Tosh was willing, he was absorbing the blows, taking it on. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You were right, Raefe,\u8221\'94 he said after a few minutes. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a lot of pain. Too much for anyone out there to have a clear picture. We\u8217\'92re going to have to get everyone together and figure what we can figure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone\u8221\'94 was the local committee of Everywhere, the loose amalgamation of people that had come out of the Citizens of Nowhere, and Alton\u8217\'92s New Voodo Army and a hundred other fugee groups back in 2081. It was the only thing even close to a functioning government here anymore. Massachusetts still existed, but it was fading fast and not up to the challenge. Everywhere couldn\u8217\'92t be everything to everybody, but they did what they could, figuring stuff out as they went along. People complained, but what was the alternative?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Porter Square was starting to fill up. The market was coming together in the old parking lot. Before the T had been drowned, there was a station there and stores, now just empty hulks. Workers came to the lot for the daily shape up. Some times  a truck would come to put together crews for the big New Boston renewal project high up in the Dorchester hills, on the other side of Boston. That was good work if you were homeless or had lost most of your things \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  they let you bivouac in their tent city, you got three squares and the pay was good. Others were content to take smaller, local jobs. Maybe they had people near Porter they didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t want to leave.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe followed Tosh to the Everywhere office in an old college building. A couple of dozen people were already there, sitting around talking, trying to make sense of the last evening\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s events. Tosh clapped his hands a couple of times.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Morning everyone. We\u8217\'92ve got a lot to do today. First, is everyone OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ronnie\u8217\'92s stuck in Inman,\u8221\'94 a young woman said. \u8220\'93His block is drowned and he\u8217\'92s got to help his parents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, same for the whole crew from near Central,\u8221\'94 a young man said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93OK, well we\u8217\'92ll check with them later,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93Anyone had a good link to the net?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I have,\u8221\'94 a middle-aged woman said. \u8220\'93And it\u8217\'92s not good news. The storm\u8217\'92s done with, but turns out it was only half the problem. Another piece fell off Antarctica about a day and a half ago. A really big one. By the time the rivers decide they want to go full on to the sea, the extra ocean will be pushing it back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sura, any word on where it will settle out?\u8221\'94 an older man asked her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t know for sure, of course,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93But the best guess is right about where it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And what do you think this will mean for the rivers, Charney?\u8221\'94 Tosh asked the older man. \u8220\'93What about the Alewife?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Deeper and wider, but about the same track I\u8217\'92d guess,\u8221\'94 Charney answered. \u8220\'93So this is the new normal, what we have now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Can we get a hold of Ronnie?\u8221\'94 Tosh asked. \u8220\'93It would be good to know if there\u8217\'92s anything we should salvage from Inman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt it,\u8221\'94 the young woman who had reported him absent said. \u8220\'93But he\u8217\'92s an empath \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  maybe you can tangle with him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, later, thanks,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93But before I get us stuck in all these weeds, is there anything really big we need to address right away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You bet,\u8221\'94 a man on the edge of the circle said. Raefe recognized him \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Pedro, a fugee from the old Cambridgeport who lived open up near the Alewife flood plain. \u8220\'93At least six people were shot last night by the New Kendall secs. Four died, the others got away lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe felt the combined \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93what the fuck?\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93fuck those motherfuckers!\u8221\'94 surge from the room. Mother Nature might kill them all, but it couldn\u8217\'92t fire a gun.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what happened?\u8221\'94 Tosh asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hell yeah. I was there,\u8221\'94 he replied. \u8220\'93The river started pushing outward and it was coming down Mass Ave toward our camp. We\u8217\'92ve been living in the flats between the old bus yard and the Catholics up on Matignon Hill. It\u8217\'92s never flooded there before. We tried going up Matignon, but there\u8217\'92s that moat around the Church and the waters were rising. We didn\u8217\'92t know where to go. Some people wanted to go east back toward Tufts, but sometimes when the river floods it cuts that way off. Some people wanted for us to go over to New Kendall \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  it\u8217\'92s usually dryer on that side. But they had the checkpoint on Broadway all beefed up. We had some empaths, too, and they said the checkpoint crew didn\u8217\'92t feel like they were there to talk. Scared. We had an old flat bed truck up by the camp that people sleep on. Someone got the bright idea of pushing down the hill and using it to cross the drowned bridge at Mass Ave. The water was still pretty shallow there, not past the truck tires. The empaths didn\u8217\'92t feel much coming from that direction. But half way across, we realized it was armed too. We were stuck. They opened fire. We couldn\u8217\'92t even hear it, really, the river was roaring pretty good by then. All of sudden there were people dropping with holes in them. The rest of us barely got away with our lives, caught between gunfire and the fast water. So yeah, I was there. I saw those sons of bitches open fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could feel the vibe in the room turn ugly. He knew what the toxic mix of emotions called revenge felt like and it was starting to rise from the group like steam from the sidewalk after a summer rain. Those idiots in New Kendall would get them all killed. But not today, he thought.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Pedro, do you know the people who were killed?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93We need to find out if they had people who need help. Same with the injured.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Pedro nodded.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good, after you can tell Tosh. How many of you live up there open?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe 300, 400. More now \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the water took some homes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My thought is our first priority is to get all of you out of the open, or at least farther back from the water. If big ice went in the ocean down below, the river won\u8217\'92t go back. And the next storm, it will flood higher. We need a plan, but first we can resettle people on higher ground.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, sounds good, but what about them bastards that shot at us? We can\u8217\'92t let that pass,\u8221\'94 Pedro said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, we can\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93But what do we want to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You know what we should do,\u8221\'94 Pedro said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I know what you think we should do,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93And I understand it. Even the score, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You bet. Someone has to pay the price.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You say that like a man\u8217\'92s life has a price,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93And that the payment will buy us something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll buy us them thinking twice next time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Let me ask you something, Pedro,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Last year, when that New Kendall sec shot those kids who snuck over and stole some wood to build a shelter, what happened to that sec?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I heard he got in a fight up there and was killed,\u8221\'94 Pedro said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We both know the fight was an ambush and someone from here killed him,\u8221\'94 Tosh said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, yeah,\u8221\'94 Pedro said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And a year later, New Kendall has no problem firing on people who were already facing death,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93So message received, message\u8230\'85what? What message you want to send this time? Four deaths?\u8221\'94 He already knew that was Pedro thought and he wasn\u8217\'92t the only one in the room. But this wasn\u8217\'92t the first time they had confronted this problem. Most people didn\u8217\'92t want to go that route.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe\u8217\'92s right, Pedro,\u8221\'94 Sura said. \u8220\'93Sure, someone can figure out how to kill four New Kendall secs. And next time, they\u8217\'92ll fire sooner and longer. Or maybe just send drones over to do it. We need a better way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you better come up to the camp then, because I\u8217\'92m pretty sure the people up there think that\u8217\'92s the best way,\u8221\'94 Pedro said. \u8220\'93And I ain\u8217\'92t gonna tell \u8216\'91em different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Tosh looked at Raefe, uncertain about what to do. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll take me there?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked Pedro.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Suppose so,\u8221\'94 Pedro said. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could feel that\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s not what Pedro had wanted, to bring a peacemaker to a war party. With any luck, there would be some empaths up there. Not that it wouldn\u8217\'92t be perfectly obvious what everyone was thinking. Raefe had navigated hundreds of these situations over the years and they were never very different. But it was easier if people could see he was on their side even if against their plans. It helped get past the loudest ones who always wanted to make him an outsider who shouldn\u8217\'92t be trusted. But he was tired and hoping that it wouldn\u8217\'92t take all he had to help them find a better path.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, we\u8217\'92ll go soon. I don\u8217\'92t want to take a chance something kicks off while we\u8217\'92re sitting here talking. But I do want to say that we are not without power against them,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93New Kendall likes to think they\u8217\'92re not affected by all of this, up there on Arlington Heights. They like to pretend that as long as the net works, they have all they need. But they need food, they need supplies just like the rest of us. They need young people to come work for them. And sometimes those supplies and people come from places like Everywhere. At the least, we need to remind them of that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93True,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93But I think we need to be stronger than that. They pretend that there\u8217\'92s justice inside New Kendall, not just bosses telling workers whatever they want. So either those soldiers broke their rules, or the soldiers were following orders from the higher ups. One way or another, some one needs to be held accountable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And then there\u8217\'92s the dead,\u8221\'94 Sura said. \u8220\'93Corpos have money, they should pay reparations for the families.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Heads nodded.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Let me go with Pedro now. Tosh, Sura, will you come with me to New Kendall later? We need to confront them and get answers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93They never talk to us,\u8221\'94 Tosh said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But some of them can tangle,\u8221\'94 Raefe smiled. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just say I have contacts there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They gave Pedro a bike and the four of them rode north on Mass Ave. Past Rindge had been a bit of a no-man\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s land for several years. The first tornado to hit Cambridge in memory had flattened one side almost 10 years ago. Two year\u8217\'92s later, days of severe lightning had finally blown up transformers in the old bus yard, starting a fire that burned everything for blocks. Worse, it spewed chemicals from the equipment and burned buses all around and some of it had seeped into the water. The dying city and state government had given up on North Cambridge after that. The city was being squeezed on all sides, shrinking in toward the higher ground in the middle, and they focused their efforts on hardening that against the constant storms. It might be above the water line, but the hurricanes, the lightning and the increasing heat waves were a challenge. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Cambridge was also in danger of being islanded. They had all heard that today, for example, the only way out was Huron Avenue to the west. Boston lay like a drunken older brother to the south, across a newly large and fast moving Charles. The bridges had held up, but the roads to and from them were unpassable. With governments being only nominal institutions now, there was no one to rebuild them. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Tosh had felt him ruminating about this as they rode. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Everywhere has faced this before, Raefe,\u8221\'94 he spoke to his mind, \u8220\'93in many places. You know it will just take time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I remember all the times I have said that to people,\u8221\'94 Raefe let him know, \u8220\'93and they couldn\u8217\'92t get past seeing the familiar places of their life drowned and useless and wondering when it would stop getting worse. Of course, I knew how they felt, but I am reminded again how it really feels. I know no one wants to hear about life before the floods, including me. But I remember riding my bike on this street when it was jammed with cars and scooters and bikes and life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Tosh nodded and left Raefe to mourn alone.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They had passed Rindge Avenue and any pretense of a functional city. They got off their bikes to walk. It was easier to navigate the deep potholes and the clusters of tents and makeshift shacks that marked what had been a busy thoroughfare. These were the losers in the climate lottery, the people that hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t even been able to secure an abandoned house or a spot in a park. These were Pedro\u8217\'92s people.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked among the crowd, Pedro began to pick up a following. People were still buzzing about the prior day, their emotions fueling a chaotic waveform. Raefe realized they had expected Everywhere to back them, to send people to join an invasion force. Sura and Tosh were noticing the same thing \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the next few hours wouldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t be easy.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Pedro\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s daughter, Ines, met them and took them to the edge of the old bus yard. She had her father\u8217\'92s brown skin and wide brown eyes but a blonde braid that descended to her waist. She was probably only 30, but she was weathered enough that you\u8217\'92d sooner guess 40. There were a bunch of people strewn around the yard, but they walked over to a small group of a dozen or so.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Guys, these are the people from Everywhere,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93They came to talk about the attack. Introduce yourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Jean-Baptiste,\u8221\'94 a dark-skinned black man said. \u8220\'93Walden Street crew. Alice over there, and little Samuel, the same,\u8221\'94 he said, pointing to an Arabic looking woman in a headscarf and black teenager. The Walden street crew were mostly former residents of a big housing complex that had become islanded. They usually lived up on Danehy Hill in an old park, but they came down here during storm surges because the Hill got islanded, too.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Manny,\u8221\'94 a pasty young white man said. \u8220\'93SoNos.\u8221\'94 Southern Northerners was what the first wave of south Florida fugees had come to be called. Legend had it that the first ones that asked if there were any places they could stay were told \u8220\'93So, no\u8221\'94 by some post-hipster wise guy.  Whatever, the phrase had stuck. He waved at several others, presumably all SoNos. They had streamed north after the first big sea rises, millions of them. Here in Cambridge, they had arrived long after there was any housing available or money for new construction and had become nomads, drifting from abandoned area to another, living open or in ruined buildings.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s Alejandro, Rianna, Shaylene and Warren,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93They were chosen by the rest of the people up here, the ones who don\u8217\'92t belong to a steady crew. And me and pops will speak for the Norcambs, the long-timers up here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Tosh introduced Raefe and Sura and then asked, \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So what do you guys need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Everything it turned out. They talked for a half hour about food, water, and shelter. None would be easy, but Everywhere would do what they could.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And what about justice?\u8221\'94 Ines asked. \u8220\'93You gonna get us that, too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Like justice could be bought or sold, thought Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t give me that \u8216\'91justice isn\u8217\'92t a commodity\u8217\'92 bullshit,\u8221\'94 Ines said, looking right at him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you are skilled,\u8221\'94 he said smiling ruefully. He would have to be more alert. \u8220\'93So you know I don\u8217\'92t think it is bullshit. But we\u8217\'92re not here to discuss philosophy, are we? What do you think is justice for your dead friends?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She was sizing him up, thinking about it. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93If I say \u8216\'91an eye for an eye,\u8217\'92 what will you say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Same as I\u8217\'92ve always said,\u8221\'94 he replied. \u8220\'93The point of struggle is not to defeat your enemy. It\u8217\'92s to make a better world. That\u8217\'92s two things New Kendall doesn\u8217\'92t get. How about you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I say it would be a better world without New Kendall,\u8221\'94 she said, and he could feel the others agreed.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Truth,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93And without the last 100 years of history, too. But here we are, and how do we get there? You want to kill four people from New Kendall and call it even, eh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a start,\u8221\'94 Pedro said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Of what?\u8221\'94 Sura said. \u8220\'93Of more death? Seems like the water is taking there of that, then the heat, then the famine. Don\u8217\'92t need no help from us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, truth,\u8221\'94 Ines said. \u8220\'93But we need to teach them a lesson.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93New Kendall is not a person,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93It can\u8217\'92t learn anything. So the question is, who are we trying to teach? Ken Robertson Jr.? He will never change, any more than his daddy did. The old man was willing to nuke the world to save the asses of the richest thousand people in the world. You think his kid is any better? No, I know you don\u8217\'92t. The people we should be teaching are the kids and the grunts that live over there. They\u8217\'92re the fuel that feeds New Kendall. Kill four of them, and the rest will hate you. For a long time. Find a better way and they will think twice about firing again, or maybe not at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He could feel that they knew that. Of course they knew it, because they had seen it over and over again. He felt a bit of steam go out and it made him sad.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Look, we need all the passion we can get,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not saying you\u8217\'92re wrong to want something to come out of this. Shit, we\u8217\'92re not powerless. New Kendall is basically surrounded by us, even if they won\u8217\'92t admit it. And we have many needs. Maybe we can get them to rebuild the bus yard, or at least give us the supplies. Then you would all have a home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So our lives are worth a quarter of a bus yard each?\u8221\'94 Pedro said angrily.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Your lives are worth 100 bus yards, but just one might save you. And we need more. We need them to agree to try their own people and punish them. And I don\u8217\'92t mean the Secs they ordered to pull the trigger. I mean the people who gave the orders. Done, no more orders from them or like that. And more than that, they need to come down off that hill, so to speak. Their day will come, when they can\u8217\'92t get food, when the power no longer works. We need an agreement \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  life for life. We never refuse each other when lives are at stake. What happened last night can never happen again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Ines spat on the ground. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t fucking believe this. We\u8217\'92re going to offer to help them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying that if the tables were turned last night, you would have shot them?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked, keeping his voice low and quizzical, not hard or challenging. He let her feel the depth of his question, to see herself behind that barricade, looking down the barrel, deciding whether to pull the trigger on a drowning person. She stared at him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, no,\u8221\'94 she said. She turned to Pedro. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right, Dad, we\u8217\'92re angry, we\u8217\'92re fucking furious, but we\u8217\'92re not killers. Even if we killed to survive, we\u8217\'92re not going to kill someone just so they don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re all OK with that?\u8221\'94 Pedro turned to the others. Raefe could feel some were, some were confused, some wanted to disagree but couldn\u8217\'92t quite figure out why. Heads nodded, no one argued. Pedro looked at Raefe. \u8220\'93I guess you won.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It never did any good to remind them that they would all win. He had learned the hard way that submission was a ritual, a way to avoid further conflict. It was up to the victor not to take the spoils.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Come with us,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll arrange a meeting with New Kendall. I want one of you to come. Nothing happens without you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}