{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Reunion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 May 4, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i1
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe had never experienced much dissonance between the parts of his mind he had been born with in this world and the old one during the seven months they had coexisted. Aleron\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s promise that they would slowly merge appeared to be coming true. But the eight-hour long plane ride from Boston seemed to provoke a sorting of the two. Neither had ever traveled to another part of the world, nor taken a supersonic jet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One loved the high-altitude acceleration, the boom and the quiet that followed. The other could only think of how broken down travel had been in his old world. A flight like this would have involved enormous amounts of carbon credits. If it had even been available, only a handful of people would have had the wealth to take it. Most likely, this trip would have meant a solar-assisted sailboat across the ocean, and then a hodge-podge of low-carbon land transit for someone of his means. It would have taken a month, which meant few people would ever have made the trip.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe found himself fighting the idea that this world was headed that way. After all, it had been a great accomplishment only 20 years ago when supersonics had cut global travel times in half. And in another 20 years, this flight would be ultrasonic and the farthest flights would be hypersonic. Boston to Nairobi? Four hours. Boston to Sydney? Three hours tops. This was a clever world. He wanted to believe that the other Earth had merely been stupid or blind, or gripped by some dysfunctional ideology. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The newer part of his mind assured him that everyone in the old world thought the same things in his great-grandparent\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s day, when the temperatures first began to rise to dangerous levels and the predictions of global catastrophe were scoffed at by many. He stared out the window, trying to calm himself. The whole debate was giving him a headache. He\u8217\'92d never had one of his seizures in this world, but the other him remembered them and let it drop.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He took out his puter and read through the code he had delivered to Elise yesterday. He done everything she had asked, creating an entire second sim with completely different algorithms. At first he hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t cared much about what the algorithms were. At MiniWorlds, he often didn\u8217\'92t understand the math their clients wanted installed in their games. No matter, all he needed to understand was what were the inputs and what were they outputs. The algorithms themselves were black boxes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But Joe Nguyen was the sort of person who wanted to explain everything to you. And little by little, Raefe had begun to see how Joe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s code tried to model parts of the world. It was a subtle and complex set of interacting rules, the answers to one rule weighting the inputs to the next, but also modifying itself. How else can we capture the effects of the individual on the group and vice versa, Joe had said. This is the math of the paradox between collaboration and competition, he had proclaimed, with some pride.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And yet Raefe had been left feeling that Nguyen had missed something. Because Nguyen, like most humans, lived with a huge imbalance between the strength of his own thoughts and feelings and those of everyone else. Raefe now lived in that gap between himself and everyone else. And it had made him much more aware. So many things influenced how he perceived other people that he had not been aware of before meeting Aleron. Things that he had once thought were his own thoughts, but were really a blend of everyone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts. What else was culture, after all?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He skimmed through the code, still not able to put his finger on what was missing. Culture was all over Joe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s code, that was not the problem. He read closer, looking to see how Joe had envisioned the workings of culture. And then he saw it. Joe had missed the most important ingredient of all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Empathy. The simple human \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  well, let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s be honest, mammalian \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  ability to see ourselves in other people is just not here, he thought. It just doesn\u8217\'92t attach any power to this. Because, after all, in our society, we think of empathy as something nice people feel toward the less fortunate, when they\u8217\'92re relaxed and have nothing better to do. But Raefe knew that empathy was much more fundamental to life, and therefore to society. The sim would still fall short, he thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He fell asleep wondering what a sim that accounted for empathy on a mass scale would be like.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ****}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In Nairobi, he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d taken a taxi into the city center. From there, it was a 6 hour bus ride straight down the A3 to Garissa. He\u8217\'92d never been to Africa, but from vids and school, he expected to see a necklace of bustling small cities extending out from the capital, filled with low industrial parks with agritech plants. For the first hour, he felt like he\u8217\'92d never left Nairobi as they drove through endless neighborhoods with people packed into a random patchwork of shanties, container houses and tent cities. He guessed more people lived here, just on the eastern edge of Nairobi, then all of Boston.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But the houses thinned and then there was nothing for awhile. Flat as far as the eye could see, most of the trees had been cut down for firewood or farming long ago. An hour out of Nairobi, the air had turned hot and dry. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d once been to Arizona and this felt like that, but less populated. Then, suddenly about 200 kilometers from Nairobi, Mwingi City rose up out of the dust like a mini Nairobi. And then it was gone and they were back to hard-baked dust with the occasional small village.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A little later, he saw another city on the horizon on the horizon and signs for Bangali City. When they got closer, he could see that the city was deserted. Some farmers were walking a flock of goats down one of the streets. A hot breeze blew dust and various dead plants and garbage through the streets, but nothing else moved.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then they pulled into Garissam, a town like so many towns at the end of a road. His puter said Dadaab was only another two hours down the road, but his puter didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know that normal traffic east of Garissa had stopped a decade ago. Between Garissa and Dadaab, drought had driven even all but the smallest village farmers out. Bandit gangs had taken their place, some of whom were affiliated with remnants of the jihadi militias that had plagued the region decades ago. They made dirt bike runs to attack trucks or the market in Garissa, and then disappeared back into the scrub. All in all, a dangerous place, he thought, anxious about Lina\u8217\'92s safety.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At the bus station, four men with motorcycles approached him. His stomach clutched for a second and then he sensed they were friendly. One of them introduced himself as Malik in halting English and explained Lina had sent them to bring him to Dadaab. Malik gestured to the back of his bike, and Raefe hopped on. He noticed two of the men had short machine pistols slung over their their chests.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Villages remained scarce. Twice, they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d skirted a village by riding off road. He\u8217\'92d tried to ask why, but the noise of four dirt bikes with ancient, rusting mufflers made it impossible. He could feel something between wariness and fear in his companions\u8217\'92 thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s begun, he thought. The heat, the drought, the breakdown. It\u8217\'92s already happened here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then there was a bit of forest and the land rose gently. The forest thickened. They reached a ridge and there it was below, the remains of Dadaab, where 400,000 people had once lived. He could feel many minds below. They felt ordinary, just people going about their business, and it made him very happy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then there was Lina, only 100 meters away talking to some people. She must have sensed him because she turned, a huge smile on her face. He hopped off the bike, yelling his thanks to Malik as he trotted toward Lina. He grabbed her up in big bear hug. She was warm and lean and slighter than he had remembered. Gone was the riot of curls, replaced by neat rows. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Easy,\u8221\'94 she thought to him. \u8220\'93Public affection not so great here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He relaxed his hug and she moved back just slightly. They stood grinning at each other.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Come,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get you some water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The dining tent was empty and they sat down. He took a long sip of water. Their minds were fully engaged with each other and it felt somehow odd. And then he realized something.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There are four of us here,\u8221\'94 he thought to her. \u8220\'93The two of us who were lovers, and the two of us who have just met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lina meet Raefe,\u8221\'94 she thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe meet Lina, \u8220\'93 he replied. \u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re going to like her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sitting in Union Square, talking fugee biz with Kayam, I never imagined we\u8217\'92d be sitting here,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s the coffee?\u8221\'94 he teased.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What coffee?\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93The heat has killed off most of the lower elevation trees. The high mountain beans are too expensive for locals \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it gets shipped off to Europe. Sometimes we get some from Ethiopa, but  bandits have ripped off the last two shipments.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t seem right, no coffee practically in the place where coffee started.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, my love,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93All is not right here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could feel her sadness, different than what she had felt in their old life when she thought of the Efricar Holocaust. Farther from anger, but wide and deep. He stared out from the tent. Past Dadaab, the trees were low and sparse as far as he could see, which was all the way to the horizon. There, the line between land and sky was smudged by dust. It reminded him of the beach just after sunset, when water, clouds and sky all converged in slatey blur.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You thought it would all be jungle and mountains,\u8221\'94 Lina laughed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, majestic,\u8221\'94 he grinned.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is the beginning of the changes that destroyed our first life,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93In a generation or two, the fertile coast will be underwater. And this will be a vast desert, a young Sahara.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And Nowhere will be nothing?\u8221\'94 he wondered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nowhere will be everywhere,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93Millions, maybe billions, of people will be like these people. Wandering with no destination, no home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will it be like the East African Holocaust of your other childhood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t remember much of that. I can sense a good deal of it from you since we came to this timeline \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  your memories of my telling are strong. I can feel some of them, so I know what you are asking. And I don\u8217\'92t know. These people have so far avoided death from  Shabab, their own governments, and now even the Chinese. But when there are tens of millions of them, what will happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93History says something awful,\u8221\'94 he answered. \u8220\'93Can they \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  can we \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  change that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want to think we can,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I have learned a great deal from these people. They don\u8217\'92t wake up every day with voices all around them telling them to buy, to fight, to be better than the next. They only have each other, and a lifetime of shit has taught them to cherish that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This time last year, we were living in a Bunk under the highway in Somerville. Happiness was a Cubano from Kiko and Kayam\u8217\'92s food trike. Six months ago, we stood at the beginning of the end. Now I\u8217\'92m looking at where the first people lived. And thinking about changing history. Some days, it\u8217\'92s all too weird.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t imagine they signed up for this either,\u8221\'94 Lina said, jerking her head toward the camp.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re right. What do you think we should do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want to stay here, and be a part of this. I feel like they\u8217\'92re on the verge of something really different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only been here for two weeks, but I understand your attraction. And soon I\u8217\'92ll have to go home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later that night, they walked back up the hill into the forest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s time we introduce new Lina to new Raefe,\u8221\'94 Lina said, pointing to a  glade of soft ferns.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Not a stranger at all, thought Raefe a few minutes later  as they left normal conversation behind. Old memories, new thoughts, the ancient delight of warm bodies, the soft battle between rising passions and the desire to make it last forever, their occasional cries all mixed in a sweet gumbo of forest bird calls.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}