{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The caf was buzzing. Today was the day that they called you in and told you the official recommendations of New Kendall Corporation for your future employment \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The List. The AI had spoken and today you were to listen to its three magic choices for the rest of your life. Junior had already gotten his. He looked surprised.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what did the Wizard of Oz have to say?\u8221\'94 Mik asked. \u8220\'93Anything good?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, I\u8217\'92m still trying to figure that out,\u8221\'94 Junior said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, what were your three choices?\u8221\'94 Mik asked. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be shy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the thing. They didn\u8217\'92t even give me three,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Just one. And I wasn\u8217\'92t expecting it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They want me to study Bahasa.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What the fuck is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s what they speak in Indonesia. They said they need more people who speak their language because they want to expand operations there and I\u8217\'92d be a good candidate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Junior looked embarassed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you know\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8217\'92 Mik exclaimed. \u8220\'93Just because you\u8217\'92re Asian?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Junior nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And my family came from the Phillipines, not Indonesia. Thirty years ago. I\u8217\'92ve never even been to Asia. I told them that, but you know what they said?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t even imagine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92Close enough.\u8217\'92 Can you fucking believe that? They want me to learn the language and then be an interpreter for them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No they want me to learn it here but then move there,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93You know what it felt like? Like they were saying \u8216\'91Go back to where you came from\u8217\'92 only they didn\u8217\'92t even have that right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s messed up,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never heard of anything like that. Something must be messed up over there. What are you going to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What can I do?\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93You heard what Seanito said. Mess with them and you\u8217\'92ll never be right. Always be working with people who don\u8217\'92t want you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. Who knows if Big Sean really has it right. But I could see it\u8217\'92s a big risk. What do you think your folks will say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No idea,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m still trying to figure out how to tell them. They wanted me to go for Monetization, just like your folks. All the parents think Monetization is like winning the lottery. I hope they don\u8217\'92t blame me, like I did something wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Or maybe you did something right. Sounds like they think you can handle crises. Like the Alewife bridge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, fuck, I hadn\u8217\'92t thought of that. You\u8217\'92re right! They must have seen that as a little test \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we didn\u8217\'92t freak out, we didn\u8217\'92t rat them out to Everywhere, we kept our mouths shut even here in New Kendall. \u8216\'91We can trust that kid.\u8217\'92 Now I wish I had said something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then they\u8217\'92d be recommending you for maintenance. Sewer repair specialist, fourth class. So count your blessings, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It still feels like I\u8217\'92ve landed in the shit anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They picked over their soy chili in silence. Mik felt bad for Junior, which gave way to feeling anxious about his session with The List adviser, which would be right after lunch. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 *****<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Mik sat on a bench in the hallway, along with a handful of other kids. No one talked. They were just trying to keep it together at this point and desparately wanted not to show too much emotion to other kids. The door opened and a girl from his math class walked out. She had a little smile on her face \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  not too bad, it said. A hand waived him in from inside, a disembodied voice said \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mik.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He walked in to see a man he had never met sitting behind a desk.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ferd Cragen,\u8221\'94 the man said, as if that explained everything. \u8220\'93Have a seat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cragen made a show of finding Mik\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s record on his puter, as if it were some incredible feat of detective work.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, here we are. OK, so we have our results. Huh, interesting. It suggests marketing, logistics, or AI interfacer. What do you think of that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that\u8217\'92s great,\u8221\'94 Mik said, relieved that none of them were his parents\u8217\'92 favorites. \u8220\'93Do I have to tell you now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not at all. In fact, these are just suggestions and we need to talk about them. It\u8217\'92s actually an unusual combination \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  only 3% of students got the same 3 choices. But hey, it\u8217\'92s a new century ahead and we need to walk some new paths, eh? Tell me what you think about them, what interests you about them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This felt like a trap, so he paused, trying to keep his face thoughtful. He wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t reveal his cards totally. \u8220\'93Well, I can see why they choose that for me. I\u8217\'92m usually good with numbers and logic, so that explains marketing and logistics. And I\u8217\'92m good at patterns, too, so that must be why they suggested AI interfacer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Patterns, eh?\u8221\'94 Cragen said quizically. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure I see what you\u8217\'92re getting at.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, the AI uses algorithms to analyze and decide stuff. Algorithms are based on patterns \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  if this, then that. My mind kind of works like that, too, at least that\u8217\'92s what some of my teachers have told me. Sometimes AIs don\u8217\'92t see things that don\u8217\'92t belong in the pattern, things a person could see. A person like me. It\u8217\'92s a challenge \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it\u8217\'92s basically a \u8220\'93what doesn\u8217\'92t belong\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93what\u8217\'92s wrong with this picture\u8221\'94 sort of thing. I enjoy that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK, that\u8217\'92s a novel way to look at it, but I see where you\u8217\'92re coming from. It\u8217\'92s not just statistics to you, it\u8217\'92s a picture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sort of.\u8221\'94 He could see Cragen was trying to goad him into saying he was smarter than the AI. \u8220\'93I mean the AI works with stats and all sorts of analyses that are way beyond me. I\u8217\'92m just saying when it spits out its result, I tend to see a pattern that it\u8217\'92s created. And you can go from there, to ask if that pattern is useful or matches everyday experience. Like I saw the pattern in the three choices the AI is giving me. Maybe it\u8217\'92s an odd combo \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you would know that of course. But to me, I could see the logic, the pattern.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, apparently the AI could see that in you, too,\u8221\'94 Cragen said in an overly cheery voice. \u8220\'93It sounds like you\u8217\'92re most enthusiastic about the AI interface job. Tell me how you see that working in, say, 2110.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Again with the new century, Mik thought. Give it a rest!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Gee, I hadn\u8217\'92t thought about that too much,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93But I know that some of the interfacers become AI engineers, getting deeper into the code and helping improve it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yet you\u8217\'92re not rated here for software engineer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93True. I know I would have to study more on that. I could learn on the job.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps,\u8221\'94 Cragen said. \u8220\'93The trend now, though, is to have the AI write its own code.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was news to him. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what would be the next step up from AI interfacer?\u8221\'94 Mik asked. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Still evolving. But if I had to guess, it would be human engineering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t heard that phrase before. \u8220\'93Oh, interesting. We didn\u8217\'92t learn about that yet in school, What\u8217\'92s it about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s about engineering processes and policies and rules that make it more likely that people will do the right thing without even having to think too hard about it. That\u8217\'92s what the next century is going to be all about. Right now, for example, we\u8217\'92re working with fishing villages in Asia to improve their productivity. In Hum Eng, they\u8217\'92re looking at what incentives are most attractive to the those people: money, goods, security, or something they discover that wasn\u8217\'92t apparent. Or it might be disincentives: fines for not making quotas and so on. And then the AIs can do all the crunching to come up with the amounts of money or quotas or whatever that will be most effective.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fascinating. Sure, I could see myself doing that in a few years.\u8221\'94 A few hundred years, he thought. He couldn\u8217\'92t wait for this to be over.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What attracts you to it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Freakin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 New Kendall, Mik thought. They never just take yes for an answer. It has to be yes for the right reason, meaning their reason. Tread carefully, he thought. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s another pattern, isn\u8217\'92t it? Those fishing people, their life has patterns, too. It would be fun to figure out what makes them go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Mik sensed he had found an answer that was neither what Cragen wanted to hear nor one he could really argue against. Cragen seemed stuck on pause for a minute.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Okay,\u8221\'94 Cragen said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve noted that here. We\u8217\'92ll let the people in AI interface know that. If you decide to go that route, they can mentor you toward that. Do you want to choose now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Could I take some time? Like to talk to my folks, make sure for myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely. We\u8217\'92ll need your answer by the end of the month. And of course, we\u8217\'92re always here to help.  I\u8217\'92ve sent my info to your Voice, should you want to talk further. Otherwise, we\u8217\'92re done here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And with that, he ushered Mik out, passing the next lamb to slaughter on the way.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}