{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Light conversation}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 At night, after the council meeting, Salmerikon came to her quarters. Aleron reshaped the entrance room, and an extra chair extended from the floor.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "I've been waiting to ask you what the galaxy was going on at the last ambassador's meeting," she said.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "'What the galaxy?'" he smiled.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh sorry. I got that from humans, sort of. When they feel strongly about something, they invoke grand forces of nature or their deities. They say things like "what on earth" or "what the hell" is going on. I guess in my own mind, I've started saying "what the galaxy" since the galaxy is kind of our world, if you want to look at it that way. It just made me realize that even though they can only communicate consciously through words, there is a richness to their expression that I like."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "You realize that the distinction between Earth and Hell alone underlies millions of deaths on their world?"}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "Indeed. But both words also represent their desire to find a connection not only to each other, but to something bigger than themselves. And that is strong in most of them. Some of them have amplified predator tendencies, more like the solitary hunter species that wander the ruined star clusters of Perseus. But in most of them, that solitary instinct is subordinate to their ancestral habits of large bands, and bands of bands. They are always at war with themselves, and so they are often at war with each other. Sorry, you didn't come for a lecture, I suppose. I just get lost in them sometimes."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled. "Not to worry, your passion refreshes."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "Do you want to eat?" Aleron let him sense that she had moved from anger at a betrayer to the concern of a friend.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that would be nice,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon answered, excepting her olive branch. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She was cheered that he had chosen to eat with her. It had been thousands of years since their kind had needed to deliberately eat to survive. Their ancestors had enhanced them with a variety of autotrophic mechanisms. As long as there was any kind of ambient electromagnetic energy, they were fine. And they could survive for days on gravity alone, in the rare event they were cut off from light or other electro-magnetic radiation. Eating was now for pleasure or companionship, for honoring the ancient voices that still spoke in their cells.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She brought out some purple fruit slices, and some dried meats with microherbal implants. She thought the codes that activated them, releasing the fresh tastes of the herbs into the  meat. What the galaxy, she thought, and brought out a wine she knew he especially liked.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 They ate in silence, passing back and forth the wave function of their taste sensations, washing each other's minds in a bath of taste and aroma and texture. When they were done, he grasped both of her hands.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "You always know how to cleanse my mind, Aleron."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm pleased you feel that way," she said, pausing to consider her response. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I am still trying to cleanse mine, but I see now that there are no simple paths through the asteroid fields in front of us. I can\u8217\'92t quite see my way to approve of what you did with Lina, but I see that you had few other choices. Maybe no other choices. And that disturbs me more than the deed itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Me, too,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93What did you take from the meeting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You are right to be concerned,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what Hankori and Anatope are up to, and they don\u8217\'92t seem inclined to open their minds to share it. That\u8217\'92s my first concern. My second is Putnomo\u8217\'92s abandonment of entanglement as our mode of operation. And my third is that Tanoch stopped short of calling his plan just that. Instead, he chose to emphasize the tactical issue of supporting his department while their obsolence is fulfilled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 That was what was nagging at me, Salmerikon thought. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yet I sense no connection between Tanoch and Hankori\u8217\'92s faction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, I think you were right,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It is worse than just a self-serving arrangement to guarantee each other\u8217\'92s budget. As you suggested, our colleagues are losing sight of our mission. Traveling by lightspeed ship to contact new species? We are not demi-gods whose mere arrival in galaxy spanning spacecraft would demonstrate our overwhelming superiority. How could we be seen any other way? The other day, I was furious with you for doing that on a very small scale. But nothing has ever said \u8216\'91superior race\u8217\'92 more than aliens appearing in a highly advanced space ship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon was quiet, considering her words. Then he smiled.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t put that final piece together, but now that you point it out to me, you are right. But there is more to it than that, and I have promised not have so many secrets from you, so I am going to tell you something that very few people know. And it should stay that way, at least for now. Are you willing to abide by that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93My head says no, but my heart knows that yes is the only real answer here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Your head will soon agree,\u8221\'94 he said, relieved that she seemed to understand the stakes. \u8220\'93Putnomo\u8217\'92s presentation also made me uneasy for another reason. Something didn\u8217\'92t add up. As I told you, I have many friends with many kinds of expertise, including advanced propulsion systems and plasma physics. I asked one of them, in loose terms, about Putnomo\u8217\'92s project.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It will take even longer and cost even more than he suggested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93It will take an eternity and cost nothing,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said, \u8220\'93because it is a fraud. It can\u8217\'92t be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, a fraud?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93My contact says that the project rests on several technologies. One main focus \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  plasma containment and control \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  has a solid foundation and the general goals of more advanced control and higher yields are ambitious but reasonable. But then Putnomo makes a leap from better engines to instantaneous acceleration to lightspeed. That is not an engineering problem \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  the universe won\u8217\'92t allow it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What if he\u8217\'92s discovered some new physics?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Undoubtedly he has,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93Putnomo makes vague allusions to a new technology that can entirely transform ordinary matter into a sort of three-dimensional, self-contained coherent light wave within a plasma cloud, and then reverse the process upon arrival.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So that\u8217\'92s how we travel at lightspeed? We become light, and then revert back to matter on arrival?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93At its heart, that\u8217\'92s Putnomo\u8217\'92s project. But my sources say that this is simply not possible. There can never be a 100% faithful transformation of matter to energy and back to matter. To put it simply, we can send our thoughts anywhere. We can send our bodies anywhere. But if we send our bodies as thoughts, and then recreate our bodies from those thoughts, they will be randomly different at the atomic level in a random number of ways, ranging from moderate to massive differences. But whether slight or massive, those differences could mean we won\u8217\'92t survive the trip.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well, scientists often disagree, don\u8217\'92t they,\u8221\'94 Aleron said, wondering where he was going with this.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s the thing,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93This disagreement was settled thousands of years ago. And this particular detail of Putnomo\u8217\'92s plan was buried in his proposal. Only a few people \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  fortunately my friend is one of them \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  could see deeply enough into this to see it\u8217\'92s rotten heart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think it means? What is Putnomo up to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I think it means that Putnomo wants to develop something crucial to Hankori\u8217\'92s agenda, and knows that its true nature must remain hidden.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93And what do you think that is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea. But I\u8217\'92m afraid of what it is. And I don\u8217\'92t think I can let this go \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  I fear that their project is something deeply, fundamentally wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93If your friend is right, they are certainly behaving as if they know you and many of the rest of us won\u8217\'92t agree to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Will you help me to uncover this secret, and if I\u8217\'92m right, to stop them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, she understood what Raefe must feel. All of her talks with him must sound like this: }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 There is a world you know nothing of, but I\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92m asking you to trust me. And I\u8217\'92m asking you to change your life in ways neither of us yet understand.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How can I refuse?\u8221\'94 she said, her lips tightening in a grim smile.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}