{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0 Not too far down the road,  {\field{\*\fldinst{
HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://B4B34B32-598D-455E-BFA5-B52D68A0AA8F"}}{\fldrslt Jo}} Manwell, {\field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://FF643DFE-9F25-4FFB-88E1-5025765BA09D"}}{\fldrslt Aiden}}\rquote s younger sister, yelled, "Hey, wait up." 
\par Jeb was her Pa, and he hated that Jo treated me as a friend. She was six months younger than me, but unlike me, she\rquote d graduated high school, and was attending Junior College. Before I\rquote d left school to help around the farm, she and I were thick as day-old oatmeal from the fridge. 
\par We had competed for who got the best grades. It started when we both had {\field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9FFADDBA-6857-4FE8-84B5-57D0EBB24D82"}}{\fldrslt Mrs. Jones}}. She had coached us to push each other, to make us both better, she\rquote d say. Jo and me kept at it until I left school. Jo always won the science stuff, while I had her in math and geography. No one came close. Mrs. Jones even had us in special, advanced books. We found them fun.
\par All that was before the first baby died, and before Aiden became smitten with Bee.
\par I waited for her to catch up. "Hey, Jo. What\rquote s up?" 
\par "Same old, same old. Have you heard from {\field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://238628EC-9A88-42D1-B508-460BF0E749B3"}}{\fldrslt Jacob}}?" 
\par Jo and Jacob dated for years, up until he had left for Iraq.
\par "Not a word." 
\par "Oh." Her smile disappeared.
\par "You neither?"
\par "Nope."
\par We walked in silence for a while. I hadn\rquote t thought much about Jacob since he left. He was out from under pa, that\rquote s what mattered. He was better off, even if he was in a war. Pretty sure he didn\rquote t look back, so didn\rquote t see much purpose in me doing so either. But when Jo said his name, I couldn\rquote t help but worry, hope he was okay, and wonder if I\rquote d ever see him again. Regardless of the outcome of the war, no reason for him to return here. No reason at that I could imagine. 
\par "Aiden, says hey," Jo said. 
\par It never failed. Just the sound of Aiden\rquote s name and I felt his lips on mine, his soft hands pressing on my back, pulling me in closer. It was years ago, but it felt like yesterday. A stupid school-girl muse. I shook it off. 
\par "So listen, why don\rquote t you come over next Saturday, we\rquote ll throw on some hamburgers, and call it the welcome home party for Aiden that we never had." 
\par Being store owners, the Manwells had more money than most, but that wasn\rquote t saying much. They were still poor by most standards; however, by the looks of the Corner Store\rquote s books, they were bringing in a lot more since last year. I had asked Mrs. Jones about it, hoped I hadn\rquote t made a mistake in the accounting, and she said the store did seem a lot busier in the last few months, then she took the books away to review them. 
\par "You want me to come too?" I asked. 
\par "Of course, silly, who else?" 
\par "Ok. I\rquote ll ask Pa."
\par "Girl, you\rquote re 18 now. You still need your Pa's permission?" 
\par "His house, his rules, as he reminds me daily."
\par "Funny. Like he could do without you. You\rquote ve always done the brunt of the work on that farm and take his shit. I don\rquote t know how you do it." 
\par "Why do you think he came back?" I deflected.
\par "Aiden? Well, to help Pa and me, I suppose. You know, family\rquote s family." Jo said. 
\par No, I didn\rquote t know. Her definition of family and mine were quite different. \tab "Would you come back?" I asked. 
\par "You mean when I finish college?" Jo pondered, "I used to say no-way. But that\rquote s different. Pa doesn\rquote t need me. He doesn\rquote t let me do anything around the store except sweep. I\rquote m sure he could figure that out." Jo laughed. "But all the new business from the construction crews and their bosses\endash \endash man they have a lot of bosses and they dress in designer jeans, and wear jackets and gold watches," she said sounding amazed. "Anyway, I\rquote m real busy in the store. People coming and going from open to close. So, I don\rquote t care much about leaving anymore, especially since Aiden\rquote s back. And really, where would I go?" 
\par She stopped and grabbed my arm as she looked at me all dramatic like. "Besides," she paused as she tilted her head, batted her fake-coquette eyes and smiled like a Cheshire cat, " Jacob might not be able to find me if I leave." She looked ridiculous, and she knew it. We laughed so hard my belly hurt, although I understood that inside, she ached. 
\par Once we recovered, we walked, soaking in the beautiful day: the sun bright, the air hot but not oppressive. A slight breeze, and Jo by my side offered a breath of hope. Hope I didn\rquote t recognize. I\rquote d learned to not rely on others. People just seemed to disappoint. But, for the moment, I welcomed her friendship.
\par "That sermon. What was that?" Ideas ping-ponged in my head. 
\par "Who knows? He sure was droning on about something, though. You\rquote d think the world was coming to an end," said Jo.
\par "Did you see the guys in the back? Who were they?"
\par "They looked like part of that construction crew I mentioned. Pa said to pay them no mind, and to stay out of their way." Jo sounded like a recorded playback of something her Pa had told her.
\par "Hmm." The construction crew again. Odd. No building going on around here as far as I could see. The last real building was when the Michelin plant came in, Michelin plant came in, and they promised to buy up 100%  the cotton the farmers could produce for their tires. Then the bottom fell out of cotton and they could buy it cheaper than we could produce it. 
\par Funny how it works, the price of cotton skyrocketed because of the drought, but nobody had any to sell. That\rquote s the way it worked\emdash high prices meant no cotton, low prices, bumper crops. Never seen an in-between; weather too disappoints. There was no safety in being a farmer. 
\par "What are they building?"
\par "No idea, but I hope it\rquote s one of those new movie theaters, the ones with the reclining seats."
\par "So business is good because of the construction crew?" She forgot I\rquote ve never been to the movies, much less one with recliner seats. 
\par "Yeah, better than ever," Jo added as she stopped to pick up some stones. She tossed them across the dirt like skipping stones across a pond. "But it\rquote s weird." 
\par "Weird? How?" I watched a rabbit skitter away when one of Jo\rquote s stones that came too close. 
\par "Well, we\rquote re busier than ever, and Pa still nags about how we don\rquote t have enough money. And the crew bosses, pa don\rquote t seem to like them much, even though he let\rquote s them camp out in our back room most days. Says it\rquote s to make sure we\rquote ve stocked the stuff they need." She tossed another stone and hit a cactus. "You\rquote d expect he'd at least be nice to them, seeing they are the reason we have so much more business."
\par "At least I\rquote m not the only customer he treats like shit." I nudged her with my elbow and we both laughed. 
\par Definitely weird, though. Their books said they had tons of money. Probably her Pa just being stingy. Jo wasn\rquote t aware I helped Mrs. Jones with the books, so I didn\rquote t mention it. Mrs. Jones stressed never to share somebody\rquote s elses\rquote  business. But a while back, when I did the books for The Corner Store, they were almost out-of-business. A few months before Aiden returned from college and took the books back, things had turned around, and their sales were doubling each month. It was right around the same time {\field{\*\fldinst{
HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://4267FEB0-F7FD-4BB5-9885-B9126F016A90"}}{\fldrslt Father Joe}} disappeared, and {\field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://43DF1584-ABD1-404F-9239-92DBED65D325"}}{\fldrslt Father }}John was brought in. I remembered that cause Jo\rquote s Pa, paid for a big reception. He said it was to "help the town heal and welcome in the new Preacher," but it surprised everyone. Generosity was not the bedrock of Mr. Manwell\rquote s reputation. 
\par "The business doing good, this new?" I probed. 
\par "Naw, about the last few months I guess." 
\par That tracked. 
\par Jo continued, "I know that 'cause that\rquote s when I started getting new clothes." She twirled, showing off her new dress. 
\par "Nice." I bobbed my head and smiled. Guess her Pa wasn\rquote t being too stingy after all. Something seemed off, though. That had to be one big construction crew to bump business as much as I saw. I\rquote d have to ask Mrs. Jones.
\par The lake came into view. We looked at each other and grinned from ear to ear. Stripping to our chonies, we jumped in. It didn't matter we might be seen, we laughed and splashed until we were exhausted. This moment, life was good. 
\par
\par\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\cf0 When I was back at the house, Ma and I kept trading glances, wondering when Pa was going to retaliate for how ever Mrs. Jones got him to agree to let me continue to work with her. But he never did. He acted his usual self: guzzling his beer and demanding his dinner. 
\par I wondered if Mrs. Jones hadn\rquote t understood Pa. Was he really going to let me continue to see her, and keep my money? 
\par}