{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Unenhanced feelings}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 November 3, 2048}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron looked out across the auditorium, filled with a dozen species of air-breathers from as many planets. The room had adapted to them, providing perches for the hawkish Rayva, long pallets for the large, bearish Mondoni, and seats of whatever size were needed by the other species. On the other side of the auditorium\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thick glass walls was what the students called The Tank \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  a series of liquid-filled chambers of various temperatures and chemistries for eight different marine species. She felt all of their thoughts merge into a complex waveform washing over her. Her mind rapidly adjusted and became another element in it. The cadets were eager to hear her thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve all gotten your assignments, the species you will be studying for the remainder of your training. I can sense that you all are anxious about being effective Guardians working with species that can only communicate in a limited way with you. With species that live in the world all of our ancestors lived in, whether that was 10,000 years ago, as the A\u8217\'92Mopto, my species, did, or one million years ago as you Alaxazayawa did, or only 700 years ago, as the HooHooHu did.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And that world is one dominated by unenhanced experience of whatever original organic senses your assigned species have evolved with. Most will also have some electronic or mechanical aids \endash  mine have computers, books, videos, audios and other means \endash \endash \endash  but even those they experience through the senses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How is that different than us?\u8221\'94 one of the students asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK, class, who knows what the heaviest isotope of strontium is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Almost instantly, the entire class waveform resonated with \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Strontium 105.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Correct. Your enhanced minds accessed a number of databases that contained that info, and barring corrupted data, you all knew the correct answer instantly. If you were unenhanced, some of you would know that from past experience, some of you would misremember it, some of you might not even know what the question meant. And that\u8217\'92s just a simple fact. Everything they learn, everything they know and remember, is through the unfaithful lens of their senses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But here\u8217\'92s the odd part,\u8221\'94 she continued. \u8220\'93Eventually you will get to know an unenhanced being and you will see that they view this as natural. They will view you as less than natural, part machine, and they will be suspicious. But mostly, I want you to sense the mixture of knowledge and emotion that is their mental lifeblood, and feel how that balance is different than yours. You can get a clue from the external sensory stimuli that they create. I\u8217\'92ve prepared sampling from the species called humans that I work with of these sorts of artificial experiences, which are common in many unenhanced species.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She gave them a glimpse of what Raefe saw in the vids he watched, a few hours of programming that their minds could absorb in minutes. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the first thing you notice about them?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very imaginative!\u8221\'94 one of the cadets exclaimed. \u8220\'93Their ability to build unreal but realistic worlds is impressive. But there\u8217\'92s so little information embedded in them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, everything is sound and color. A world where people can do magical things, but they never even speculate about how,\u8221\'94 another thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But hard to ignore,\u8221\'94 a third added. \u8220\'93And impossible to turn off, at least some of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We can feel the two most important things about these experiences,\u8221\'94 Aleron summarized. \u8220\'93First, we can all blend our own direct experience and memory with enormous amounts of data outside our own minds.  Not so the unenhanced \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they must process over time \endash  sometimes even a lifetime \endash  to penetrate the surface of their own experiences. Perhaps most importantly, as some of you just pointed out, up to 100% of the content of these documents and images are emotional. For example, in the vid you just watched, a fleet of human spacefighters defends their planet against a massive alien fleet. And the planet is saved. Adno, how would you interpret that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They seem to have a deep fear of other species,\u8221\'94 the large, tentacled female replied from the coldest of the water tanks. \u8220\'93And a strong need to convince themselves they can defend their planet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But they\u8217\'92ve never contacted other species,\u8221\'94 Toneva, one of the avian Rayva, protested. \u8220\'93Why would they think space holds nothing but threats? And why would an advanced species care so much about them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Precisely,\u8221\'94 Aleron agreed. \u8220\'93And there are so many other illogical ideas in this vid. How could Earth possibly win against such a force so technically superior? No, none of that makes sense. In fact, that is not at all the point of this story. Anyone think they know what is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She could feel them weighing different ideas, none convincing to them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No one? Don\u8217\'92t feel bad \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  younger species have their own logic. This vid is one of hundreds, if not thousands, with a similar plot. What\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s important to grasp is that it details a struggle with what humans call \u8216\'91aliens\u8217\'92 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and in most of their languages, that word does mean other species from space, but it more commonly means other humans from other political units and cultures. What the hero is literally doing in these vids is keeping someone \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  his family, his town, his country, his ethnic group \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  safe from aliens. But deep down, many humans experience this as keeping their political or cultural unit safe from the more common aliens \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  humans who are slightly different from them. And many other species repeat this pattern.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying that humans routinely destroy large groups of other humans because they are different?\u8221\'94 Adno asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sadly, yes,\u8221\'94 Aleron said. \u8220\'93But all of our ancestors did the same. What I want you to try and grasp here is that the humans who would never do that, who might even vigorously oppose that, will still watch this vid and cheer for the hero and thoroughly enjoy it. They will not be aware that in part their enjoyment comes from this symbolic purging of aliens. They will feel the emotion, but they won\u8217\'92t be fully aware of its content. But sometime in the future, they may actively carry out this preprogramming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How can they truly feel something if they are neither aware of it or understand it?\u8221\'94 asked a student.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are asking that because you can get to the truth about so many things in a nanosecond and then you can form feelings based on how that truth meshes with what you already know and feel. But most young species develop a complex system of emotion and thought running in parallel, intertwining and recursive. To put it simply, ideally they act emotionally, analyze the results logically, and modify their emotions accordingly in an endless cycle. Realistically, emotions can be hard to change, truth hard to find, and yet they still must act to survive. Over time, this cause them to develop deep culturally reinforced behavioral patterns that eventually run counter to their true long, term survival needs. That is the most common cause of the failure of intelligent species to survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She could feel the waveform rebelling against this concept. How could such species be called intelligent? They sounded more like species that had not yet crossed that threshold. A very smart predator, but not at all like real intelligent life.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, now you see how it works. They don\u8217\'92t conform to your notions of intelligence. So you think they are not. And from there it\u8217\'92s only a small step toward being willing to destroy them if they do something threatening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The rebellious waveform collapsed. The cadets were ashamed, which she was glad of.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So now you have begun your training as Guardians. You begin to understand that all intelligent life takes twisted paths to develop. And that we have much work to do if we are to foster that life and avoid the traps of our ancestors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}