{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Mik was almost feeling relieved. At least AI interfacer was something he wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hate. That much. He was dying to find out what his friends got. Everyone would be at The Dive, their name for Hot Joes,  coffee bar that mostly catered to low-level office clerks from the New Kendall offices. That was the beauty of The Dive \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they wouldn\u8217\'92t have to see any of the other kids from school. And the regulars there couldn\u8217\'92t care less what they were talking about.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Junior and Seanito had already grabbed the big table in the back corner. They looked neither crushed nor celebratory.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93How\u8217\'92d it go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Grand,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to be Ken Robertson\u8217\'92s new assistant. Job comes with a penthouse apartment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And it all works out,\u8221\'94 Seanito said, \u8220\'93\u8217\'92cause I\u8217\'92m going to be the bodyguard/chauffeur. That way I get to use the limo on my own time. Girls love that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So Junior, you got logistics, and Seanito, you got maintenance, right?\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wiseguy. Yes, I did get logistics, but also marketing and product development,\u8221\'94 Junior said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And no, I didn\u8217\'92t get maintenance,\u8221\'94 Seanito said. \u8220\'93New Kendall is very committed to new opportunities for people from non-European backgrounds, didn\u8217\'92t you know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They all laughed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously, I got Def, so my dad will be happy,\u8221\'94 Seanito said. \u8220\'93But I also got demographic analyst and infrastructure planner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, we have infrastructure planners?\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93Who knew?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s the most interesting one to me,\u8221\'94 Seanito said. \u8220\'93Maybe I could actually do some good. New roads, housing, that sort of thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Somebody has to figure out how to make underwater sleeping bags,\u8221\'94 Junior said. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Verdad,\u8221\'94 Seanito said. \u8220\'93But enough about me. What\u8217\'92s your gig, Mik?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I got marketing and logistics, too, like Junior. No offense, not interested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No worries, me neither,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93What was your third?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That was the good news \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  AI interfacer,\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Really? You want to talk to puters all day?\u8221\'94 Seanito asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93More than I want to talk to corpos, I\u8217\'92m pretty sure,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92m not too bummed out. Was your interview weird?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You mean, are we in New Kendall?\u8221\'94 Junior asked. \u8220\'93But specifically, what was weird?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik saw Nila out of the corner of his eye, headed there way.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 she said, slumping down into the chair. She waved toward the server, who came over, having nothing else to do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can I get a beer?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Not until after 4. You know the rules. \u8216\'91Clear minds make clear choices at work and school.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, everything\u8217\'92s too clear already,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t want you to get in trouble., You guys all want coffee?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Four white coffees then,\u8221\'94 Nila said. The server went away. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94 Mik asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So, I\u8217\'92m fucked,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Sec, monetization or surveillance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you won the lottery,\u8221\'94 Seanito said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, why are you so bummed,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93My parents would die for me to have that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re all lifers here,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93But we all don\u8217\'92t have to give a shit. Like all these guys sitting around us. They go to work, they go home, they get their three squares and their dry feet. They kiss their partner, fuck enough to get their one kid, and then keep the kid out of too much trouble. No one cares what they think, they don\u8217\'92t have to make a big show of how grateful they are. All of that \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I\u8217\'92d rather have all of that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m with you on that,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m not too bummed about AI interfacer \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I can do that without having to be all gung ho and rah rah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A little enthusiasm never killed anyone,\u8221\'94 Seanito said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, there were those fugees that tried to cross the river,\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Verdad,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93But they were desperate. I just want to have two feet out of the water. If I have to show a little enthusiasm to have dry feet, I might make that move. Seems dumb not to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Junior seemed annoyed. Mik wondered if Nila was about to snap his head off, but she softened.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I get that. I know I have it lucky, my mom\u8217\'92s a corpo and all,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93But a little enthusiasm is worse than none with those guys. You have to be all in with them. They test you all the time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I got a taste of that,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93Cragen, the guy who interviewed me, he kept wanting to know what I want to do in five or ten years. How the hell would I know? I didn\u8217\'92t know what to say and it felt like there was definitely a wrong answer, even if I didn\u8217\'92t know what it was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what did you say?\u8221\'94 Nila asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing. I got him to talk instead. He answered the question for me and I just nodded and said, yeah, that sounds interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Smart,\u8221\'94 Nila said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I guess we all have some hard choices to make,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93Like are we going to put sugar in our coffee?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The server put four mugs down. They drank and talked about the new stream from Smiling Cloud, the band they all liked. In the new stream, there was one very quick scene where they band was dressed in short green pants and orange tunics. Nila thought they were giving a nod to some rebel group in the UK. Junior thought it was the colors of their favorite footie team. Neither Mik nor Seanito had noticed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Nila, I didn\u8217\'92t mean to come down so hard on you,\u8221\'94 Junior said. \u8220\'93I guess I was pissed because you burst my bnbble a little. Truth is, I don\u8217\'92t know why I should give a shit. It\u8217\'92s not like New Kendall is going to make the world better. If I ever have a kid, they\u8217\'92ll probably have it even worse. And their kids. Just sometimes, I have to pretend it matters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I hear you,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not saying your a fool to feel that way. Who doesn\u8217\'92t want to hope for the best? I just feel they\u8217\'92re using that to make fools of us. It pisses me off. But I know we all have to do what we all have to do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They had finished their coffee by the time they decided no one had any idea what it meant. They paid their bill and started to leave. Nila turned away from Junior and Seanito toward Mik.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Walk with me?\u8221\'94 Nila asked Mik.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93Hey guys, see you later, OK? And glad you guys got something you liked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, you too,\u8221\'94 Junior said. And he Seanito headed down toward the gym.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, I thought you and Junior were going to duke it out there for a minute,\u8221\'94 Mik said when they were out of earshot.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah for a minute I thought so too,\u8221\'94 Nila. \u8220\'93But he\u8217\'92s alright. Look, I know I\u8217\'92m a spoiled corpo brat. What can I do about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 Mik agreed. \u8220\'93But I was glad you didn\u8217\'92t snap back at him. And I think he appreciated it, too. There\u8217\'92s no sense in us all falling on each other because of New Kendall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nila nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m too depressed to fight with my friends, anyway. I\u8217\'92m so fucked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I heard you say that. Because you got Sec?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but not just that. Don\u8217\'92t you see what\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not sure I know what you mean,\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My mom\u8217\'92s wired me up. Sec, monetization, surveillance. Junior and Seanito are not wrong \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  those are the golden tickets around here. To a lifetime in the upper echelons of New Kendall. They\u8217\'92ve sent me a message \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you\u8217\'92re one of the elite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Huh, hadn\u8217\'92t thought of it that way. And you don\u8217\'92t want to be, I get that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And it\u8217\'92s worse. My mom hit me on my Voice right after the meeting. She\u8217\'92s so proud, nyak, nyak. She\u8217\'92s practically packed my bags for Security boot camp.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What if you picked monetization or surveillance? Would that be better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92d just have to push harder to make an impression. My mom\u8217\'92s pull with them isn\u8217\'92t so strong. Although I\u8217\'92m starting to wonder if maybe Kenny boy wasn\u8217\'92t in on this, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mik was startled. Why would Robertson care about her? This was when she annoyed him, with her penchant for dramatics.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What if you didn\u8217\'92t make an impression? What if you did demand surveillance and just put in your time and didn\u8217\'92t crush it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t half step it in those jobs. They\u8217\'92d give me a couple of stern talkings and then ship me off to wash dishes in a mining camp. It happened to someone my mom worked with \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they make examples out of people who are \u8216\'91let into the tent and then just piss in the corner.\u8217\'92 That\u8217\'92s how they see it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what are you going to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sneak a few of my mom\u8217\'92s chewies and sleep for a week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds like plan,\u8221\'94 he laughed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But what about you? That interview sounded creepy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It was. I\u8217\'92ve never met that guy before. Ferd Cragen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no! He\u8217\'92s a super creep. Remember little Annie Nova?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I do. Very nervous, anxious all the time. Whatever happened to her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cragen used to be a head doc. He treated her. No idea for what, all hush hush. But she opened up to me \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I guess I didn\u8217\'92t know I was an empath back then. She told him she was having all these problems. You now what he told her? It was all her fault, she was ungrateful, needed to look deep into her soul and straighten out and fly right, all that bullshit. I didn\u8217\'92t know what to say, but it sure sounded like bullshit. A week later, she topped herself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No! I knew there was something off about him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, don\u8217\'92t listen to a word he says.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t. But I\u8217\'92m not feeling as trapped as you. This AI interfacer, I actually like doing that. And I can half-step it, as you say, all the way to the end. Nobody really cares.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe, maybe not,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Shit happens around here, and nobody asks you your opinion. But doesn\u8217\'92t it feel sad? Our whole life in front of us, and we\u8217\'92re trying to find a way to do the least we can?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And survive,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s not forget that part. Not everyone can say that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Verdad,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And I just don\u8217\'92t know if I can stand being part of making that worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, it\u8217\'92s a bitch. Dammed either way. What are we going to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Besides get wasted? I don\u8217\'92t know. Well, at least you can kiss me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And he did. For a few seconds, neither of them cared about the future. And then she ran up the path to her building and disappeared.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}