{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The thief-taker tipped a finger to his forehead, when he strode down the path and noticed me down on my knees weeding cabbages.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \fi490\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Morning, Nate, they\u8217\'92re looking good.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91They are indeed, sir. Soon be ready for the pot.\u8217\'92 As soon as I closed my mouth I thought I\u8217\'92d gone too far. Mister Edwin Hare wasn\u8217\'92t as grand as the master, but he was a guest. If he reported me to Geoffrey as speaking out of turn, I\u8217\'92d be thrashed. Or locked in the shed overnight at the very least. I bowed my head back to my work.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Then the magistrate\u8217\'92s cook will be pleased to have them.\u8217\'92 he said. I squinted up and Mister Hare was grinning. \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ll have to wheedle myself an invitation to dinner.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With this he went on his way, his long shadow stretching ahead of him until he reached the house. His strong rat-a-tat brought Emily, the maid, running, and made me wish I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d  his confidence to bang on any man\u8217\'92s door and demand entry.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I wondered if it was his height, a good head above me, for it couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have been his station, though I knew other men, almost as tall, and they quaked in the presence of gentry the same as the rest of us. I\u8217\'92d witnessed Hare in the tavern more than once, and his fellows listened, nodding and scratching their chins whenever he spoke. It was said his employer, Mister Perry, the coroner for Shropshire, gave him respect, and I knew, for a fact, my master did. I\u8217\'92d wager even King George himself would accept his good counsel.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Emily looked my way when Mister Hare went inside, then blew me a kiss, bold as you like. I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t return it, in case the Master or Mistress were watching from a window, I just winked, though I doubt she saw me from this distance, <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}