{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Aiden fought with the nurse, insisting on walking out of the hospital on his own, but she was having none of that, placing the wheelchair to block the door. \
"Okay, lets get you in the truck," I said, pushing Aiden to the curb with my one good arm. \
Aiden stopped the wheelchair. "It will be good to have time alone, we need to talk." \
Before I responded, Jo jumped out of the truck. \
"Aiden!" She kissed him and hugged him gently. "Just like you to wait until things calm down at the store to come home." \
We all chuckled. "Good to see you too, Sis."\
Jo chattered all the way home. "... and you know, for a while there, our store was FBI central. It was crazy. You can't believe the town. It was all a buzz. The bakery is making plans to reopen, the boutique too. Oh yeah, wait until you see the cards and gifts for you and Pa. And food, god, you've never seen so much food." She finally took a breath. "The funeral is tomorrow," she said in a thoughtful tone. \
"Damn-it. Did we send flowers? Do anything for the families?" said Aiden. \
"Don't worry about it, it's been taken care of," I said.\
"Really? Who?" \
"A mysterious town benefactor. It's all like something out of the movies." Jo parked the truck in front of their house. \
"Let's get you comfortable," I said. \
"Jo, we need a minute." Aiden motioned for her to leave. \
"Oh, okay. Sure." \
I opened my door. \
"Suzie, please stay," Aiden said. \
I left the door open but turned back to him. "You need your rest." \
"You're avoiding me." \
 Thunderous silence roiled between us. \
"What's going on? Ever since I found you in the desert, you can't look me in the eye. Did I do or say something wrong? What?"\
Quiet tears wet my cheeks. \
"I'm worried about you," he said.\
I looked at the open door. \
"And don't tell me I'm only worried about Bee," Aiden continued. \
"Bee's gone." My voice barely audible even to me. \
"What?" \
"I said, Bee's gone. She was never here, I guess." \
"Oh, Suzie," Aiden moved over and put his arm around me. \
"Convinced the Cartel had her, my stubbornness almost got us all killed\'97but she always protected me. How could I live without her? But I recognize now I can. She\'92s a part of me, always will be. Just not separate from me." Crying, I jumped out of the truck and ran. \
"Suzie!" Aiden chased me. \
I tripped. Lying on the ground, I sobbed. \
Aiden sat next to me and rubbed my back. \
"It's you I love. Always has been. It was never Bee." \
"Yes, it was always Bee. She's part of me, the part I refused to accept. The part that dealt with things to difficult for me to handle. The part that's going to take me a long time to understand and embrace."}