{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Ferry across the Mersey}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Claire had pulled down a side road into an old abandoned barn. She opened the back door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, your with me,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing to Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They pulled back on the main road. The snows hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t reached here yet, but the traffic was very light.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where are the other two trucks?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Gone different routes,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Better that way, draws less attention. No reason for three trucks to be heading away from an emergency.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He touched her mind lightly. She hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t learned to entangle, maybe she never would. He could sense that she was calm, used to dodgey circumstances.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You really work for the electric company?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When there\u8217\'92s work, yeah. Northern England\u8217\'92s a bit of a part time affair, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The company or the country?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bit of both,\u8221\'94 she laughed. \u8220\'93But the company, mostly. McDornish\u8217\'92s obsession with power doesn\u8217\'92t always extend to electric power. Can\u8217\'92t be bothered with how the plebes live, most of the time, despite all the yammering. He makes a show of it now and then, and you never hear the end of it. But day to day, he\u8217\'92s more worried about fending off the corpos down South.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My impression, too. But you\u8217\'92re from Scotland?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, born and raised. Me dad was a tidal power engineer in Sofricar. During the civil war there, he went to Scotland to catch on at one of the island power stations. He met me mom there \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she was a clerk up from Glasgow to do the accounting and such.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you grew up on one of those remote little islands?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Was born there, but they went back to Glasgow after a hurricane wrecked the plant. Was hard times for them, and me, in the rough part of Glasgow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And from Glasgow to Newcastle?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bad judgment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just say I let a bad situation get to me. I never felt at home in Glasgow. Even though eyes closed they couldn\u8217\'92t tell me from a snow white highlander, people still would ask me where I was from. Ask any black Scot, you\u8217\'92ll hear the same. Some go all the way back hundreds of years there, too, but no mind. Even the posh ones. Never had our own tartan, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No better in Northern England, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Worse. But I was fooled by all that talk when the Northern Brigades rebelled against the City in \u8216\'9163. They sounded like proper revolutionaries to me, out with the old and all that. Soon as I was done with school, I headed there. Sounded good. Was good, for a little while. Then it was, the North for Northerners, even if half of them are Hindus now. And I was back to where was you born? Maybe if I was a little lighter and had a different face, I could have passed for a Hindu, but they saw me and I was nothing but an African here to take what jobs they still had.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Strange, isn\u8217\'92t it?,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There was no one here at all thousands of years ago \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The whole place was a hundred feet of solid ice. Like maybe Scotland will be hundreds of years from now, the way things are going. Everyone came here from somewhere else. And it\u8217\'92s just a shouting match about who\u8217\'92s here the longest, who\u8217\'92s the true Brits and so on. America\u8217\'92s the same \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the only true Americans are mostly gone and everyone else thinks a few generations qualifies them to keep anyone new out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. You think it will ever change?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Has to,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Change or die, those are the choices.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But how? I see these blokes risk their lives for McDornish and his bunch. And all they get out of it is what they call Northern Pride. How do you fight that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway we can,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Any way we can get people to see that we can only survive the world we\u8217\'92ve made by banding together and making it right again. Human pride.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But what\u8217\'92s your plan? We\u8217\'92re risking our lives to get you South. When we get you there, what will you do to make me feel I risked my life for a good reason?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You already answered that. You\u8217\'92ve been risking your life for years, just trying to walk down the street. There is no God or Jesus or Vishnu or whomever who is going to lead us out of this wilderness. There\u8217\'92s just us. And there\u8217\'92s a lot of us, most of us, even, everywhere. Many ideas about the future. We\u8217\'92ll all figure it out, bit by bit. It will take generations, but there\u8217\'92s not time to waste.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could see that she wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t persuaded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to tell you that if we do such and such, in a few years, this will all be over and life will be great?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That would be nice,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92m stupid to want that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To want that?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93No, who wouldn\u8217\'92t want that? To believe that there\u8217\'92s a shortcut to that, that might be stupid. Your parent\u8217\'92s country, they fought for four or five generations just to get the right for a black person to sit next to a white person in public. We have a whole world to change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you think we\u8217\'92ll do better than my father\u8217\'92s country?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, they took some of the first steps on the road we\u8217\'92re on, letting the old oppressors own up to their sins and then accepting them back into society. Take McDornish\u8217\'92s gang \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  say we kill all of them. But they have families, friends who then will hate us and we\u8217\'92ll never end that cycle of victor and vanquished. Most of them are no different than this lot \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  people with their backs up against it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not like them,\u8221\'94 she said, her face cloudy with anger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re not,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Now. But like you said, they seemed righteous when they started. But they forgot something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That the point of fighting is not destroying your opponent. It\u8217\'92s changing what made you need to fight. It\u8217\'92s finding the connection that binds, not cleaves.\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. He could feel she was weighing it. She wouldn\u8217\'92t make up her mind just yet, but he had given her something to think about. He noticed the traffic in the other direction was starting to pick up. Their side was still nearly empty.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where are they all from?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Manchester,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Most are going as far south as they can, down toward Birmingham, hoping the Republic of South England will let them in. They\u8217\'92re betting the storm won\u8217\'92t get that far. This lot, they\u8217\'92re not betting on that. Maybe they were part of the Troubles, or what not. They\u8217\'92re heading to Hull, take the hover to Rotterdam or Bruges. We thought of that, but too many cops and soldiers. Even without you, the Urban Gypsies are unwelcome pretty much everywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He watched the cars creeping down the road. He noticed now they were all loaded up, things tied to the roof, trunks half open. After more than a thousand years, the Britons were reversing the voyages that brought them here. And what would they find in Europe? Safety or more frozen death?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do  children play the game of musical chairs here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 she smiled. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Life cannot just be a game of musical chairs, don\u8217\'92t you think? People didn\u8217\'92t struggle for thousands of years to make a better life just to turn it into a game of winners and losers, more and more losing until there\u8217\'92s just a few places to sit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s human nature, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, but which human nature? The human nature of the first people who figured out how to make a fire, or a bow and arrow, and showed everyone else how to do it, gladly and for free? Or the human nature of the drug corpos, who get uni students to discover life saving drugs for next to nothing, than want to patent them so only those who can pay can have it? What we call human nature isn\u8217\'92t really natural. You can\u8217\'92t find any other animals that are willing to kill half of their own kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So back to nature, is it? A dogs life. I didn\u8217\'92t have you figured for a back to nature type. More like one of them teachers at the uni, what I heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I think we should go forward to nature, not back. I just feel it in people, that they could live without fear and hatred and violence, we have it in us, but we\u8217\'92re trapped in dance we can\u8217\'92t figure out how to stop. I just want us to give it a go, to try, before we finally top ourselves as a species.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, okay, I can respect that. Still, you might need a hard girl like me along the way, right?\u8221\'94 she said, grinning at him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, probably,\u8221\'94 he laughed. \u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92ll have to figure out how to soften you up.\u8221\'94}}