{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Raefe had been wandering around Porter Square for a few hours, taking stock of how things were going. The weather had been benevolent for the last few weeks. People had finally finished cleaning up from the last hurricane and were enjoying the brief spring that would soon give way to the heat and humidity of the long summer. But it was nice to feel that life was just burbling along, that there were no disasters to prepare for and no crises to attend to.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He bought a tea from Tommie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cart and a burrito from the Salvadorean stand near the old subway station and headed back to Tosh\u8217\'92s apartment. He climbed the stairs up to the third floor. Unusually, he could hear people talking and laughing as approached the door. Tosh rarely had visitors during the day. He could feel it was someone he knew, but couldn\u8217\'92t quite place it. No point in trying, two more steps and he\u8217\'92d see them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He opened the door and Des was standing in the middle of the kitchen, regaling Tosh with some story.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, look what the cat dragged in,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93Why didn\u8217\'92t you tell me Des was coming?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Probably because I didn\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Raefe said, smiling. And he hugged Des. As they embraced, he could feel Des\u8217\'92s thoughts: they had to talk, soon, but not here. And he knew it was probably not good news. But he sat and ate his burrito, and made small talk with Des and Tosh. No need to set off alarm bells with Tosh, which would set off alarm bells with the core group that kept things together in this part of Cambridge, which would, well it was just better that they keep things on the downs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So they waited until the food was done, the tea drunk, the small talk spent. He offered to give Des a tour of the Norcamb yards, so he could see what had come of the standoff with New Kendall over the killings. They started down Mass Ave. toward the yards, waiting until they were a safe distance from Tosh, just in case he was listening and their thoughts leaked a bit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So I think I understand what New Kendall has going on,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a bit shocking and I didn\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92d want half of Cambridge to know, just yet. In a way, it\u8217\'92s my fault.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good thinking,\u8221\'94 Raefe asked. \u8220\'93But why do you think it\u8217\'92s your fault?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, all these years, I\u8217\'92ve been experimenting with using my abilities to tap into the waveform to navigate the quantum fields in computer networks. That was how I stopped old man Robertson back in \u8216\'9182.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And now New Kendall can do that, too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, but apparently they spent a lot of time analyzing how their network was compromised. And they seem to have come to the conclusion that what we do when we entangle somehow involves electronics.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But that makes no sense. Old man Robertson was directly in touch with the Guardians. He would have known that there was more too it than just some gadget.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But did he tell anyone that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, good question,\u8221\'94 Raefe realized. \u8220\'93I could see that he might tell young Kenny, hoping that he would be able to get future help from the Guardians. But why would Junior tell anyone? He would want people to think he\u8217\'92s the special source of all power, not some aliens light years away. But OK, so they don\u8217\'92t get it. So what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, their obsession with finding how we do it did yield some results. After all, if I managed to tangle with electronic fields, that tells us that once you can establish entanglement, by any means, you may be able to then manipulate those connections in various ways. And that\u8217\'92s what they\u8217\'92ve done. They\u8217\'92ve found an way to decohere our entanglements, that\u8217\'92s how their helmets work. They inject massive amounts of quantum noise into the waveform. Theoretically, we could still entangle with someone wearing one of their helmets, but our poor little brains would collapse trying to make sense out of it. It would be like trying to listen to a whisper in a thunderstorm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting. I wonder if we could learn to recognize any signature in their noise that we could then learn to ignore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder that, too,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93Probably, but I don\u8217\'92t think it will be quick or easy to get there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And Des explained that the noise wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just a nuisance. It was patterned to actively disrupt their abilities. Engaging with it would be painful, exhausting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And they have a second version of this device which generates much louder psychic noise,\u8221\'94 Des continued.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, the weapon they\u8217\'92re banking on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93But here\u8217\'92s the curious thing. During all of this, they\u8217\'92ve never actually understood that our thoughts ride on the waveform. They think we do it all ourselves. They think we\u8217\'92re some kind of flashlights that beam invisible rays at each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Rather than creating fluctuations in a tiny part of the \u8216\'91flashlight\u8217\'92 that shines everywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly. I don\u8217\'92t think I ever fully grasped that until I could see what they did and how it differs from what we do. And I think I finally understand something about the waveform that the Guardians didn\u8217\'92t tell us. The waveform has been here since the Big Bang. The Big Bang rang all the matter in the universe like a giant bell, and it\u8217\'92s been vibrating ever since. We are just using those vibrations like a giant carrier wave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why is that important in this context?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because the waveform is like any other wave \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it has harmonics, octaves, reflections, interference patterns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Meaning?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not one thing. It\u8217\'92s a bit like a chorus. There\u8217\'92s a melody, but many of the singers are singing a harmony. If you know the harmony and you know how it relates to the melody, then you can recreate the melody just from the harmony.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So we could \u8216\'91sing harmony,\u8217\'92 you\u8217\'92re saying, if we learned this trick of translating it to the melody, and they would never know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I think so,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93I think we could also learn to sing the melody higher or lower, to continue the analogy. Their weapon wouldn\u8217\'92t work if we weren\u8217\'92t entangled on the part of the waveform they thought we were. We might even be clever enough to penetrate their helmets and read their thoughts if we did it right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92re talking about training millions and millions of people to tangle a new way. It\u8217\'92s taken almost 30 years to get this far \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we\u8217\'92d be risking everything. And couldn\u8217\'92t they just change their devices to adjust? Maybe make them auto-tune to our minds?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe, it\u8217\'92s a fair question. But I have to think that there\u8217\'92s more here that we\u8217\'92re not seeing yet. Wouldn\u8217\'92t the Guardians have faced the same threats in the past?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d think, but I don\u8217\'92t know. And I don\u8217\'92t know if we\u8217\'92ll ever know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, it\u8217\'92s been years since they\u8217\'92ve contacted us. I think we\u8217\'92re going to have to figure this out on our own. And soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I agree. Drop whatever else you\u8217\'92re doing. And if you need help, ask for it. Quietly, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They had reached the old bus yard. Raefe showed Des how they were using the waste from the Boston towers to create a kind of concrete and dirt plateau. Later, they would build small houses on it for some of the fugees. It would stay above water for at least another 100 years, given the current warming trends. If somehow mankind managed to get its act together, maybe 1,000 years.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92ll head back tomorrow,\u8221\'94 Des said. \u8220\'93With any luck, things like this bus yard project will return to being our biggest worry in a few months.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If only, Raefe thought, keeping it to himself. Why rain on the little shred of optimism in Des\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice?<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}