{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 That evening I luxuriating in what a great day it had been. In the rare moment I felt happy, I re-lived the day Aiden and I spent in the abandoned hunting shack, replaying the scene in my head. It always started out so nice. \
The smell of his skin, the taste of his rough tongue, and the gentle touch of his hands. It was a year before the rains stopped. The store was slow, crops were picked; thus, things had slowed to a regular pace. Aiden and I walked, holding hands in the desert warmth of fall, not going anywhere or following any path. We talked and talked. It was the last time I had considered the future. \
An hour into our walk, we happened upon a shack three miles off the highway. Its sun-rotted wood, tin roof, and broken windows ached for company, to which we obliged.\
"Shade sure is nice," Aiden said as he pounded on an old couch, causing a flurry of dust everywhere. \
"Nice." I coughed, waving my hands in front of my face to clear some breathable air. "My pa has mentioned this place before. Hunters used to use it a lot." \
"My lady," he extended his arm towards the couch, pretending to be a knight or something.\
I rolled my eyes and sat. Aiden settled next to me with his arm around me. It had taken me months not to pull away from his touch, but now, if I closed my eyes for a second and took a deep breath, I could settle into it. In one smooth motion, he shifted, leaned in, and kissed me for the first time. His teeth didn\'92t slam against mine; his tongue didn\'92t choke me. I wondered if kissing was supposed to be this way\'96\'96warm, soft, gentle. I found myself participating. Again and again. \
Another shift and before I realized it, he had slipped my body under his, laying now on the couch. A wave of fear crashed over me. I looked for Bee, but the panic resolved into a calm puddle. I had no urge to fight or to get out from under. A serenity flourished each moment I was with him. Now that we were alone, it blossomed. My guard thawed to a mix of comfort and an odd flipping in my stomach. Vulnerable but relaxed, he encased me in a sanctuary formed by his body, his kisses and, above all, his gentleness.\
But once the scene started to replay in my head, I couldn't stop it after the good part. \
When the kissing ebbed, I laid next to him with my head in the crook of his shoulder, snug between him and the back of the couch. His hand moved ever-so-soft, ever-so-light, up and down by arm. 	Sure I was dreaming, Aiden\'92s voice woke me. "You know? In the fall," he said, sounding as though he had started in the middle of his thought, "I'm off to Sierra Vista for community college. I can\'92t believe it." His glossy eyes fixated on the ceiling while his hand caressed me. "I\'92ll be the first in my family to go to college. Imagine that." His head moved side to side. \
The cracked window that first beckoned us to enter, now stood as an omen to giddy girls who dreamt of sanctuaries and let down their guard in the arms of a man\'96\'96they are fools who deserve what they get. \
Sadness pierced me. The pain, not like being beaten, but not unlike it either. Then, with no other provocation, my anger simmered from within, causing my tears to flow with earnest. How did I let this happen? I know better? Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. \
My body, once snug, now felt trapped. I shifted and pushed until freed, sitting beside him now, apart. \
"No, no, no." Aiden, now alert. "What\'92s this?" He leaned in and cupped my face in his hands. "Sierra Vista is only 45 minutes away. And I still need to help my dad, so I\'92ll be home all the time. This is No. Big. Deal." \
I pulled away. "Yeah. Sure. I get it." His betrayal, bitter on my tongue. Bee lurked nearby; she knows she should have been here, not me. Bee could handle this. This would never happen to me again. I stood and paced. \
Aiden rose, he started to say something but the sounds of a truck screeching to a stop caused both to whip our heads towards the door. \
"Who\'92s that? Who else even\'96\'96" \
The door slammed open with a fury that matched a Javelina protecting her young. It bounced off the inside wall, and back at Aiden\'92s dad standing in the door frame, holding a shotgun. \
His pa was as mad as a rabid dog. He grabbed each of us by an ear, pulled us to his truck, and tossed us in the back. He was a wild man driving to my house. When we got there, he yanked me out of the truck bed by my jeans and chucked me through the front door. \
I laughed, remembering the scene. It wasn\'92t funny then, though. No doubt he wanted to kill pa. He had him up against the wall so fast, pa was all \'97 what the hell? Jeb, nose to nose with Pa, screaming how nobody from this family would steal from him ever again, and how his daughter was no better than her thieving, home-wrecking father. \
I had no idea what Jeb was talking about, but it gave me a good reason to stay away from Aiden. Bee handled him after that. \
}