{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Citizens of Nowhere}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 February 21, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina was glad to put Kiunga behind her. As beautiful as the coast was, she was only helping to destroy it. As cloistered as their life in Shanzu had been, here she felt not only isolated but alone. It would be good to feel the bustle of Mombasa, spend time with her family, look up some of her friends from school and see how they were doing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After awhile, the town gave way to the countryside. The road became less formal, and by the time they turned right toward Mararani, it was hard track but flat and in good shape. There was little but savannah in every direction, quiet as the heat began to rise in late morning. Still, the two Chinese guards in the front of the bus had their rifles at the ready in case raiders from Somalia struck. With the Coastal Friendship Alliance logo on it, they would know it was likely to be all Chinese passengers. For some, that meant \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stay away.\u8221\'94 For others, it advertised \u8220\'93People with money onboard.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She thought of what she would say to her father when she got home. She knew that it was not really his decision to send her to the port construction project. He just couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t bring himself to admit that he couldn\u8217\'92t protect her from his superiors. Since she had gained her empathic powers, she had seen much more deeply into the complex web of emotions that was her father. He had given up a lot to marry her mother, and their Milima was a concrete reminder of his dalliance with an African. She knew that sometimes he wanted to tell the Coastal Friendship Alliance to drop dead, but each time, he could not see how that would make their life better. He felt they wouldn\u8217\'92t be accepted by the locals and they\u8217\'92d have no protection from the Chinese.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was in a tough spot. She thought he underestimated the Kenyans. After all, people of all sorts had passed through here for as long as there had been people. But it would require him to not just leave the CFA, but to leave behind his Chinese identity. As much as the CFA questioned that he still had one, she knew that he was deeply invested in his heritage. So when they had suggested that his daughter could continue her computer studies by working on the harbor project, he could not refuse. That much she had sensed from him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Still, gouging out one of the world\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s last remaining viable reef systems to build oil rigs and a deep water port was not something she could do. She could still remember her teeth vibrating deep into her skull that day on the other Earth as the whole ground and the air around them began to hum with the approach of that impossibly huge wall of water. If you saw something like that once, you simply couldn\u8217\'92t be part of it happening again. Not that she could tell him that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her thoughts were interrupted by a loud noise as the right front tire blew out. The driver struggled for control, bringing the vehicle to a halt with front wheel in a ditch, but the bus still upright. No one was hurt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The  guards were on their radios \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  there was no mobile service out here. She couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hear them, but their faces were enough to tell her that all was not well. She could feel their fear. One of them motioned toward to come to the front. Puzzled, she walked to the front.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Miss Yang?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Captain Li in Kiunga would like to talk to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She took the radio. The guard pointed to the large button on the side and then his mouth. She pressed the button.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Captain Li?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Miss Yang, thank you. We need your assistance. According to our records, you speak Swahili?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very good. The bus is disabled and it will be some time before we can send a vehicle to replace it. There is a village called Mangai about a kilometer from where you are. We would like all the passengers to walk there with the guards. When we get there, can you translate for the guards? We only want to let the locals know that we mean no harm and ask for their help for a few hours.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So they must be in an area that was not totally secure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hope so, Captain. I speak Mombasa Swahili. It\u8217\'92s like Chinese, you know \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the vowels are sung. Up here in the North, they don\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t. I suppose it\u8217\'92s like the difference between Chinese and Japanese. But I think I can make myself understood and understand them. That\u8217\'92s sort of the point of Swahili.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. We will send help as soon as we can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There were about 20 of them altogether, and they set out walking in the direction they had been driving. The land on either side of the road was grassy, with occasional small groups of antelope or deer. Farther off the road, they could see that the trees thickened on both sides. There were no signs of people anywhere that Lina could see. But after a half hour, she saw smoke rising in the distance. One of the guards had binoculars and told them it was a village.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked around a bend in the road, there were four Kenyans in the road. Two men, a woman and a boy. They were trying to shout something in Chinese, but no one could understand them. Lina walked ahead, waving in the way that Kenyans did so that they could see she was a local.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hello. Our bus is broken,\u8221\'94 she said in her singing Swahili. \u8220\'93May we stay in your village until help comes this afternoon?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94 Closer now, she could see the people wore the gauzey white pantaloons and tunics of the local Muslim tribes. The woman had a blue print scarf  covering her hair.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are welcome to stay,\u8221\'94 the woman said in her flat Northern accent. \u8220\'93It will be safer for you. I am Imani. These are my brothers, Juma, Kamari and little Rashid.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94 Lina suspected that they would not speak directly to her, as an unaccompanied woman.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. I am Milima Kawambai Yang. Safe from what?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shabab,\u8221\'94 she said plainly. \u8220\'93They claim all of Lamu is part of the East African Caliphate. What you call Somalia.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She wondered if her father knew that the Chinese government was investing in a war zone. It was news to her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know they were here. Do they come often?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now and then. You should tell your friends to put their guns away. If any Shabab see Chinese with guns, they may think they are soldiers and attack them. They are not happy about Chinese coming here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina told the guards, but she knew they would not put away their rifles. Juma and Kamari led all the passengers into the village, a jumble of old-style huts and cinder-block buildings. Past the village were fields where they tended  small herds of goats and cattle, as well as a large garden.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Imani brought them all to small pavilion in the center of the village. Some long tables sat under a tent-like covering, the sides open.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can stay here until your people come,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93The elders will come to meet you soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina explained what was going on to her fellow travelers. The group was tense, anxious for help to come from Kiunga. But with her new abilities, she could also sense anger \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  some of the group was feeling that they had been sent into danger haphazardly, their safety unimportant. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Knowing that deep dissatisfaction lurked underneath some of that smugness pleased her. She could not remember her childhood in her other life, but nonetheless she felt sure that must have been her exasperation with the smugness of her father\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s people that had driven her to America. She shrugged the feeling off. Maybe she had as many pasts as futures, but those pasts were hidden from her. They couldn\u8217\'92t help her now. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The guards thanked her for her translation and introduced themselves. Zhang Lei was short and stocky, with bad skin and a squint. Wang Tao was taller and leaner, with a wry smile.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you live here in Kiunga?\u8221\'94 Lina asked. \u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t seen you around.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, you wouldn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Wang answered. \u8220\'93There is a small military base south of Kiunga, just past Rubu. We stay there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I hadn\u8217\'92t realized you were in the army,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is good,\u8221\'94 Wang answered. \u8220\'93Our commander prefers us to appear as civilian security guards. He says that we work under the Light Footprint policy.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Foreign Minister Wei Peng has said that when we Chinese come to other countries with food and technology in our arms, our feet should not disturb the ground our hosts walk on. In this way, we bring improvement without disturbance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Unless the disturbance is below the water, she thought bitterly. But she detected not a hint of irony in either of the soldiers, and bit her tongue.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 *********************}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina had gotten used to the quiet nights of Kiunga, but Mianga was in another league entirely. Near midnight, almost everyone was asleep. She could hear a video faintly off to her right, and muffled conversation somewhere behind her. But all around her was the sound of birds, frogs, insects and the occasional growl of some sort of big cat. Before turning in, she had walked to the edge of the village. Looking up, the inky river of the Milky Way was as vivid as she had ever seen it. Every so often, a meteorite streaked across the sky. She wondered where in that sky Salmerikon lived.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now, lying on the cot Imani had set up for her, she allowed herself to remember what it had felt like when Raefe and Salmerikon had together touched her mind. It had all happened so quickly and she usually forced herself not to dwell on it. Raefe had become something of a ghost to her. They had worked a scheme to chat on a popular site, but she only did that from net cafes in Mombasa. A direct vid call was too risky. How would she explain him to her parents? Her father\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s bosses might read something sinister into a relationship with an American, given the two country\u8217\'92s uneasy coexistence. But here in the bush, remembering the vastness of the cosmos, she could feel the power that her mind was still growing into. In high school, she had been on the track team. She remembered the feeling of lacing up her shoes, stretching her hamstrings, exploding out of the blocks, and that glorious rush as her head came up and the track was hers. The sky, the village, the villagers \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they felt a little like that track had.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her cosmic musings led her deeper into her mind, and soon, she was asleep. Suddenly, she someone was shaking her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wake up, we have to go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was Imani.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry, Shabab is coming! We must leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina grabbed the gym bag with her things, stepped into her shoes and hustled out into the deep night, joining a stream of villagers. They were trotting down a path leading away from the village toward the forest. No one talked. She could feel that they had practiced this, perhaps actually had to flee before. She felt their fear, but also their determination, and a kind of pride that they were doing this together.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She tried to ask Imani where they were going, but got only a sharp look and a finger to the lips for her trouble. It slowly dawned on her that she was the only person from the bus in the column. As they continued their escape, she lost the thread of feeling the other Chinese travelers. For now, she was an African, jogging for her life with two hundred other men, women and children. After nearly an hour, they stopped.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An older man, seemingly the leader of the village, quietly directed several younger men to act as sentries. They fanned out, each stepping just off the track into the forest so as not to be seen.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here, have some water,\u8221\'94 Imani said, offering her a water bottle.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 Lina answered. \u8220\'93And thanks for waking me up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t leave you there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you left the other Chinese travelers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shabab will hold them for ransom, or to extract something from the Chinese government. If they get what they want, they will let them go. But you\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because of my hair, and my darker skin?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Imani hesitated. Lina grasped her discomfort.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, of course. They would think that I am the child of a prostitute and therefore worthless for anything but rape.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Imani\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face betrayed her surprise at Lina\u8217\'92s insight. \u8220\'93Yes. They rape us too, but for other reasons. To show our men that they are powerless against them. And they would take some of us back to Somalia as so-called wives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you are all Muslim, I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93All their praise of Allah is garbage,\u8221\'94 she growled. \u8220\'93They are bandits. When the UN set up drone planes and submarines in 2042 and finally made it hard for them to be pirates, they turned their eyes away from the sea. Now they kidnap and steal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And Nairobi? They don\u8217\'92t help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They are the government. They don\u8217\'92t need to kidnap to steal. As long as Shabab doesn\u8217\'92t send too many soldiers, as long as they only prey on small villages and leave the cities to the government, the army would rather spend its money on itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you come here and hide for a few days and go back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No. The construction project as Kiunga has changed everything. For Shabab, this is a giant opportunity. Many foreigners to kidnap. Money to demand from the government to leave the foreigners alone. People will hear about how Shabab stood up to the Chinese and the government, and that will help them get more young people to join their army. Shabab means \u8216\'91\u8216\'91youth\u8217\'92 but they have grown old and need young blood now. They will not leave us alone in Mianga. We go deep into the forest. There are people who will take us in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Water break was over. The group resumed their double time march in silence broken only by soft whispers to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93pay attention\u8221\'94 to the sounds of large animals in the forest on either side of the track. The children were now in the center of the column, the younger ones on the backs of the largest men, the older ones able to run and keep up. For the big cats in the forest, probably leopards, the whole group of them must have looked like a dangerous herd. Apart from the occasional growl or strong scent of musk, potential predators were invisible.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Daylight revealed that they had been running along a slight ridge, perhaps 10 meters higher than the land around it. They were walking now. One of the women had a sat phone with a GPS. They could all see that they had put about 20 kilometers between themselves and their village. Several people huddled around the phone talking and Lina could make out that they were looking for high ground to reconnoiter. The woman pointed to a fork in the track ahead, and they took the right-hand path. A short time later, they found themselves on a bald, rocky hill. Without the trees to block their view, the high point gave them a view in every direction.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Looking northward, the forest sloped downward for half a kilometer. Beyond that, there were grasslands as far as the eye could see. The view to the south was different. A kilometer or two away, something more than a stream and less than a big river meandered westward as far as the eye could see. Lina could make out a small lake, a pond really, in the distance. For a second, she thought she saw a flash of light from the woods on the far northern edge of the lake. South of the river, the forest continued unabated but seemed to change color in the distance. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She borrowed binoculars from one of the sentries. The color change marked different, denser forest. Probably the northern edge of the coastal mangroves, she thought. Sweeping back toward the lake, she could see flashes of movement at the far end of the lake and a variety of small structures. Perhaps she had seen sunlight reflected of one of the metal huts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The group continued their march, now a brisk walk, headed toward the lake. Everyone was ore relaxed now, talking, trying to make the best of it. But no one would tell her anything about where they were going other than, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93you\u8217\'92ll see, you\u8217\'92ll like it.\u8221\'94 She thought about asking the woman with the sat phone if she could use it to call her parents, but what did she have to tell them at this point? She was sure they were headed for that lake, but she\u8217\'92d wait until they got there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They had descended into the forest again, unable to gauge their progress. Just before 3 in the afternoon, they emerged into a large clearing, filled with dozens of  small buildings. There seemed to be three or four hundred people about, busily going about their day. No one seemed surprised by their arrival. Lina guessed that a sat call had been made.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Mangai villagers were met by a group of people who seemed to know some of them and greeted them warmly. Imani took Lina to what looked to be a dining area \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  tables under a canopy \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  in the center of the village. A tall, reedy, cinnamon-colored woman came to greet them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome,\u8221\'94 she said in Swahili. \u8220\'93I am Edna. I speak for the village council. You must be Imani. And you must be Millima. Please, sit. We have some water for you. Are you hungry?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, indeed,\u8221\'94 Imani said. \u8220\'93We left in the deep of the night and had no time for food.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edna waved to some young men near the tent and asked them to bring food. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We will have a proper feast for you later, but we have some left over lunch for you now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina was impatient. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edna smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is Kakuma.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina laughed at the Swahili word for nowhere. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I never saw it on any map, but really, where am I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will explain,\u8221\'94 Edna said. \u8220\'93But first, the council has asked me to discuss your situation with you. Shabab has taken your fellow passengers on the bus hostage. They\u8217\'92ve presented demands for money to return them. Are any of the hostages your friends or family?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92ve only just arrived in Kiunga. My family is in Mombasa.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How is it you came here to work for the Chinese?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My father is Chinese. He works as an engineer for the Coastal Friendship Alliance \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  do you know what that is? \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1   in Mombasa.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So your father works for the CFA?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, so you know them. His bosses suggested that my college studies would be more effective if I put my learning to use on the project in Kiunga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So your father is not very high up in CFA?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina laughed. This one was sharp. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not at all. Why do you ask?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You will be reported missing. What happens next could depend on who you are, who your family is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Huh, I hadn\u8217\'92t even thought of that. I was actually hoping to contact my family when we reached here. Just to let them know I\u8217\'92m okay.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can do that in a little while. But we have to discuss what happens after that \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  will you go back to Kiunga, to Mombasa, to somewhere else? We have to figure out how to do that without endangering this village.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When I said you are in Nowhere, I was not playing with words. Nowhere is not just our village, but our country. Look around you carefully. What do you notice about the people here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There looked to be about 400 people in the village. They definitely weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t one ethnic group \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the people were of many shades and shapes. The closer she looked, though, she couldn\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t recognize for certain any one ethnic group she was familiar with. They wore a mix of traditional clothing from several ethnic groups and even a bit of Western clothing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There are many kinds of people here, but it is hard to identify their ethnic group by clothing or hair or jewelry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am very impressed that a foreigner would notice that,\u8221\'94 Edna said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am not a foreigner. I was born here. My mother\u8217\'92s name is Sauda Kawambai. As you can see, I speak Swahili like any Mombassa girl.\u8221\'94 But she had a feeling that Edna knew that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And yet you are Chinese.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look, what\u8217\'92s this all about? Right now, I\u8217\'92m just a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edna beamed at her. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, right now, you are like us. Citizens of Nowhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You mean\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, most of us have been driven out of our homes by soldiers, bandits, pirates. Most of those who drove us out did so under the banners of country or faith. Or progress, like your father\u8217\'92s countrymen. And the people who had protected us before that, it was the same. Always two sides, always life and death which side you belong to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you have not chosen sides?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We have chosen our side. The side of people, living life. Together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina stilled her mind and let the woman\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s words wash over her. She could find no deception or irony or self-delusion in the woman\u8217\'92s thoughts. This was what she believed, for sure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edna laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone will be very happy to know that we are cool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I mean it. I have lived what you described. My parents love each other, they are not at war. But I have been a battlefield for their cultures, who each see me as a traitor. Almond eyes, kinky hair, thin lips, skin like neither. I never heard of Nowhere. But I have been called No One, in so many words, for as long as I remember.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe the don\u8217\'92t see you as a traitor, but as a living example that no one group is better than another. So they make your life hard to prove that it is easier to be one of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I fear you are right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But the world has changed, and it is not easier to be one of them, whatever that means. Here in Africa, we should know that better than anyone. The first people lived here \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I mean right here \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  more than 150,000 years ago, and the people who came before the first people, too. They left behind forests like these, and grasslands like the ones around Mangai, and walked along the coast line your project is destroying, living on shell fish, and walked all the way to Asia, and later to Europe and America. Many thousands of years later, their descendants returned here, as if they remembered the richness of the place. And they began the great mixing. I am from Ethiopia \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  in my face you can see Arabs who returned to Africa many times over thousands of years. You can see the Hindus who came here to trade. The British, the French, just as I can see the Chinese in your face. Now, the whole world is churning, all its peoples mixing. All this fighting over \u8220\'93them\u8221\'94\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93us\u8221\'94 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you might as well fight a typhoon!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina shuddered, the memory of the hurricanes from her old world suddenly alive. She could feel Edna\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s passion, and glimpsed her concern.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Still, how do you keep all of that out of here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We do what we can. When people come here, they must leave certain things outside. Whatever they believe in their heart, there is no room here for superiority. No religion is better, no nationality, ethnicity, class. Whatever it is they remember fondly about their old life, they must share. They must cook a meal, celebrate a holiday, wear a certain color \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and for those  for whom this is not our tradition, we must partake with an open heart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina was impressed at the idea, and she could also feel Edna\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s pride. \u8220\'93Really cool!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They both laughed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you want to do, Millima,\u8221\'94 Edna asked, her expression now serious. \u8220\'93Do you want to go back to Kiunga or to Mombasa?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina scanned the village, noticing more details about the people. She saw now that there was a deliberate mixing of styles, as if the people of East Africa had had a big swap meet and exchanged fashions. She touched their minds as best she could. There was nothing special she could detect, except perhaps a quiet confidence. A calm.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe, yeah, I don\u8217\'92t really know.\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93Can I stay here, at least for awhile? If I could just let my parents know I\u8217\'92m ok, I\u8217\'92d love to stay. I can work, I\u8217\'92m not just a student. I\u8217\'92ll earn my keep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can stay as long as you like. After a week, you must decide if this is for you, and if it is, you must agree to our ways. We have our rituals, too. We can talk about that. As for your parents, we can get word to them. But they cannot know our location. No matter what you intend, the Chinese will put pressure on them and they will send helicopters and soldiers to rescue you. Nowhere will then be Somewhere, and it will no longer be our home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do you keep it a secret? Don\u8217\'92t people leave on their own?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, they do. We have our ways of remaining hidden, though. All in due time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They move, Lina could sense the answer in Edna. Nowhere can be anywhere. They must do it every now and then, and very carefully.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can get word to my parents soon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Imani\u8217\'92s village will return. We have made a deal with Shabab. The villagers won\u8217\'92t tell the Chinese where to find Shabab, and Shabab will leave them alone. We have a special relationship with Mangai village \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  our secret is safe with them. One of them will let your parents know that you are safe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what about the people from my bus?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That will have to play out between the Chinese and Shabab.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She knows they will be killed, Lina thought. Shabab already knows the CFA won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t ransom the bus travelers. They were all low-level workers, except for the two soldiers. And they sealed their fate by not dying defending the bus.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 This is what I died for, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 she thought. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What I gave up Raefe for, what Salmerikon changed me for. To learn what it feels like to put aside hatred and fear, to join with ordinary people. This is a start. My parents will be hurt, but I cannot change that my life will always bring one or another of them some pain and regret. Let it at least mean something.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I sense that you are thinking very deeply about this,\u8221\'94 Edna said. \u8220\'93I want to say that we would be very happy to have some one such as you who can bring us experiences and knowledge from places we have never had the chance to go. But I also want to say that you must not think of this as some kind of sacrifice, some kind of martyrdom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina was startled. Now it was Edna who seemed to be reading her mind. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I confess, you are not far off what I was thinking. What should I think of this as?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As a decision you can make, or not. Many people take a new name when they join us, to signify leaving behind the names that mark their family and clan and culture. I took the name Edna. In my language, it means rebirth. For me, this is both a new way of life and actually an entire new life itself. Like a butterfly from a cocoon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me spend a week in your cocoon. Then let\u8217\'92s see where I will fly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}