{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0
Under protest, Aiden left me alone with my thoughts. The wind kicked up from the southeast, threatening a storm. Grains of sand swirled around in chaos. I could be blown away in the storm. Become part of the soil, part of something good, something productive, something alive. 
\par I faced Ma's chair. Her knitting sat on the table next to it at the ready. On the needles, Ma had cast a shawl for me in purple and green. A shawl. I chuckled. The little free time she had, she spent knitting for me. Now she was dead. Tears streamed. Should I pray for her? 
\par Fingering the yarn evoked a rush of images: Ma cooking dinner, sewing clothes, knitting, working in the garden, shopping, putting away groceries. And other impressions not so pretty: bruises on her face, wet cheeks, her arm in a sling, fear in her eyes, desperation, resignation. Did she write about these things in her diary? I pulled it from my pocket and starting reading. 
\par The pages, now stained with my tears, sang with fear but even more with love. Love she had for Pa in their early years. She wrote of tender words, a loving touch, and a safety she didn't know existed. But soon after the words soured, a darkness moved in. Sprinkled in, flecks of joy derived from little things: shopping, tending the garden, chatting with Mrs. Jones, watching me read. The surrounding desolation, swept over me. 
\par Her scent from the chair, warmed my resentment that she left me, didn't fight back against Pa, didn't defend me from Pa. Through my tears, bitterness resigned to understanding. In the end, she had defended me to her death. And now I wished she hadn't defended me at all. I'd rather have her back. 
\par How would I get along without her, without Pa even? The wind howled through the window. The sand swirled on the porch. Each grain independent, yet being pushed along by an unseen force. Would that force whoosh me away? My thoughts whirled like the sand. "Everything's going to be okay, he'll never hurt you again." Ma's words that day she shot Pa. "You're strong. You can do anything you set your mind to. You can handle it all, even without Bee." The phrases Ma had repeated over and over throughout the year. I heard them when the babies died, when Pa beat me, when he pounded Bee, even when Ma's jaw was wired shut from Pa's blows she wrote them on paper. And I heard them again from Aiden today. 
\par \ldblquote You're strong enough for all of it.\rdblquote  She believed in me. Mrs. Jones believed in me. Aiden believed in me. I dreamt all my life of living on my own, of needing no one, of getting away. But now with Ma dead, Pa gone, and Bee missing\endash \endash was I whole enough to be on my own. And if I did nothing, if I gave into defeat, I was no better than Ma. 
\par A shiver rose up my spine. I had to save Bee. 
\par The storm rose in elevation and passed over, leaving nothing more than blown trash and a few cracked branches. Another cruel tease of rain from mother nature.\u8232?\tab With a renewed sense of purpose, I shook off my sadness and gathered my thoughts. But when I find Bee, what then? Would we stay in this house? This town? What would we do? Who would we be? Bee had always protected me, and now my need to protect her swamped me with confusion. Was I protecting her, or her\emdash me? Was she better off without me? Without Pa here, finding Bee seemed to tug less at my soul. Maybe the Cartel didn't have her. They didn't have Ma, never did, even though I was so sure. Maybe I could survive without Bee. Should I let her go? Maybe she was safe. 
\par No, I had to be sure. Sticking my head in the sand was not an option. Finding Bee will be dangerous, but Ma cannot have died in vain. I must save Bee. For Ma. For me. 
\par Doodling on a napkin, I drew out the layout of the construction area. If Bee wasn't in the building behind the motor home or in the motor home, then there was one last place the Cartel could have her. She must be in the tool building. 
\par I'd have to go back, but driving the truck down the main road was too dangerous, even at night. I searched the pockets of my backpack. The keys to the ATV were under the papers I had taken from the motorhome, and the outside pouch still held Pa's loaded pistol.
\par
\par With the ATV safely hidden in a thicket, I hiked in the last three-quarters of a mile. The camp was quiet. The men already out of sight, hard at work. I made it through the window of the tool building\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=\f0
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}\f0 . Tools, machine parts, supplies, lumber all shuffled together. More of a storage dump than a productive space. 
\par "Bee? Bee, are you here?" I whispered, searching around palettes of materials. I kept my cell flashlight low to the ground, warding off prying eyes from the outside. 
\par
\par Thirty minutes and two passes through the building later, Bee's absence pulled me to the ground. A sense of relief collided with a confusing sense of knowing she wouldn't be here. Maybe she was safe. Maybe she got away. 
\par "All hands on deck." The voice boomed from outside. 
\par "I'll round up the others," the second person responded. 
\par Shit. I didn\rquote t have much time.
\par
\par When I was clear of the camp, but within the patrolled perimeter, I raced the rising sun with my flashlight off and no moon. \f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=\f0 \f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}\f0 Just before I reached the ATV, I slammed into a refrigerator of a man, my body ricocheting to the ground and my back pack flew into the brush. I recognized his red-hair and enormous shoulders--the thief at Jeb's store. 
\par "Well, well, what have we here," said the hulk man. "Hey Jorge, look what I found." The man put his foot on my chest as he displayed me to the second man nearby. 
\par "Ain't she something," replied the other guy.
\par I broke free of his foot and was scrambling to my feet when a kick sent me down again.
\par \ldblquote Yeah, and looks like someone's already softened her up for us." The second man said, examining the bruises on my face. 
\par The one man held my shoulders to the ground while refrigerator-man ripped at my pants. During a split second when my pants were clearing my feet, I kipped my lower body and freed my self. The second man jumped forward and stomped on my ribs. 
\par The men's laughter fueled a seething resentment deep within me. A third man appeared out of the darkness. Refrigerator man unbuckled his pants. The other two pinned me to the ground, only releasing their grip after their friend had worked his way in between my legs, crushing me with his weight. His pig-like thrusting and grunting forced air from my lungs, pounded my spine. 
\par The pain swirled with shame and collided with the realization that this was happening to me. Not Bee.
\par Refrigerator-man forced his tongue down my throat, his red hair scratching my face. The smell of sour body odor and the taste of rotten teeth overwhelmed me. I called out for Bee. 
\par "Oh, look. She\rquote s calling for a friend." The laughter grew louder.
\par This couldn't be happening to me. I get hit, Bee gets raped. But I couldn\rquote t fight. I was no match for the shear force of his weight. I can\rquote t be here, this must be Bee. 
\par His junk hammered into me, jabbing my ribs into my lungs with each hit. Am \f2\i I\f0\i0  being raped? The bitter taste of familiarity lingered on my tongue. 
\par I've been here before. 
\par A darkness swept through me. Bee seeped forward, but when I opened my eyes, Pa on top of me. The pounding continued. Panting grew louder and faster. If this was Pa, then it must be Bee. 
\par Relief, then shame overcame me. Why would I push this on Bee? How could I? Refrigerator-man let out a sick, low-pitched grunt with one last deep thrust. He shuddered, then stillness. 
\par "Come on man, my turn," said the second man pushing refrigerator man aside. The Third guy still had me pinned. 
\par The second man mounted me. His sandy hair mushroomed into Pa's dark mass, his face melted into Pa's. 
\par When it was the third man's turn and Pa's face loomed over me again, memories flooded in. Words, once patronizing and demeaning, now echoed with love and concern: Bee's isn't here, she has to learn to live without Bee, Bee must leave - people's patience is going thin. But clearer than fresh rain water, Bobby's words sprinkled down around me, 'You've got to stop putting everything you can't handle on Bee'. 
\par "Ride her baby, ride." Chanted the two who had already had their turn.
\par The third man, whose face too had morphed in and out of being Pa, pumped faster. His drool dripped on my cheek.
\par Aiden's words echoed in my head, "When your Ma knew you were strong enough to accept the truth..." 
\par All the polite smiles when Bee's name was mentioned smacked me like doors opening and closing in a wind storm. They hadn't been genuine smiles at all, but condescending smirks of knowing something I didn't. The truth. The wind of memories calmed and left the door open to the bedroom where Pa had regularly pummeled Bee. \tab
Only it wasn't Bee on the bed. 
\par It was me. 
\par This humiliation. This total debasement. Only Bee could handle this. But Bee wasn't here. This was happening to me. It had been me all along.
\par I couldn't save Bee. I could have never saved Bee. It was my fractured self I had to save. There was no Bee. 
\par Voices blared through the men's radios, distracting the third enough that he went limp. 
\par "You bitch," he said as he drew back his fist and punched me. "You're spent. I can't get on with the likes of you." 
\par He eased back, admiring his handy work on my face. The other two had released their grip on me to get to their radios. I bucked. Hard. It sent the man on top of me forward, his head butting with the man who was holding my shoulders. The one of top of me landed on his elbows, his face just inches from mine. I bobbed my head up and grabbed his lip with my teeth and bit down hard enough to spit out flesh. His blood poured over my chin and down my neck. Refrigerator man laughed; tears trickled from his eyes. 
\par Grabbing his bloody mouth, the third man jerked back, freeing my legs. The man holding my shoulders flinched to avoid the spurting. Refrigerator-man slapped his thigh, howling even louder. In the chaos, I rolled away and launched down the banks of the dry river bed. Before I had stopped tumbling, a truck roared in and skidded to a halt in front of the men.
\par "Didn't you hear your radios?" A man shouted. "A part of the tunnel collapsed. It's got to be cleared. Shipments coming through. Let's go. Now."
\par I watched from the shadows as the third man scurried to pull up his pants. 
\par "Watch who your giving orders to," said the redheaded-refrigerator man. 
\par "Shit, sorry man, didn't see it was you. Your dad is pissed we need to get back."
\par  The three men sniped glances among themselves and the river bed. Refrigerator man shrugged and motioned for them to get in the truck. 
\par The truck drove off and silence encased me. Wrenching pain grew with each beat of my heart, but was no match for the sickening sensation of loss welling in my chest and radiating out. Pressure limited my breathing. A shroud of black grief veiled my eyes. }