{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri Light;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red91\green155\blue213;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \keepn\fi288\sb240\sl259\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Chapter 12}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe had been walking through the ruins of South Staten Island for two hours, trying to find the New Voodo colony. It was a hard slog. Even though it been 15 years since the Great Iceberg tidal wave had ripped through Arthur Kill and Richmond Creek, tearing Staten Island into two, the giant old landfills were still marshy and treacherous, with the occasional rusty object ready to rip your shins. It would have been nice if Lina was here. At least they could help each other if one of them was injured.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d taken Aleron\u8217\'92s advice and not told Lina about his dream. He\u8217\'92d been trying to figure out how to explain coming here on his own, when luck would have it, Lina had picked up a job translating for some East African officials who were touring the East coast. That saved him from lying to her, at least for now.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~He wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t even sure what he would do here. Aleron had said that Winchester could entangle, too. How many people could do that? Were their people who could see inside his mind? Would he get better at this, and be able to read their thoughts? The whole thing was a bit overwhelming. People often said something felt like a dream. They really had no idea!}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, he saw a grove in the distance. No sooner than he saw it, two men eased out from behind a boulder. One wore the yellow and black colors of the New Voodo Army. He had made it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"Hey, we saw you walking this way, and you\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92ve got the black and yellow cap on. Mind if we ask your business in these parts?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"No, no problem. I'm looking for Alton Winchester. We had some email, he's expecting me."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"What you want with Alton?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~Ah, so maybe they thought he was government or one of the corporate security people.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"He invited me for the water ceremony. Just trying to learn."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"Oh yeah, you're in the right place, the man in the black and yellow cap said.  "Alton, he loves to teach. I'm Hector -- that's Robert." He said it in the Haitian way.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~They walked for a while and Hector led him to a house-sized building made out of old shipping containers.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~Hector knocked and Alton came out. All smiles, he gave Raefe a bear hug.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Young Raefe, you are just in time. Come!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Inside there were about 50 people, sitting on small stools in a wide circle. Alton motioned and two people  made a gap for him. Someone brought him a stool. Alton walked to the center. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"When the great flood destroyed our community, we knew that we had angered the World. Not our community, but all of humanity had angered the World, through our disrespect for the water, for the animals, for plants that the sun brings. And so we called upon the forgotten knowledge of our ancestors, from Haiti and from Africa, to help us rebuild this world."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"Today, we dedicate ourselves to the Water, to cleanse what we have made dirty, to reclaim the water we have wasted."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Amen!\u8221\'94 the circle answered.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "What is the color of the water spirit?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"Blue" they replied.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~"Let us make the water blue."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \~Two people brought up a barrel, covered with a sort of funnel filled with a honeycomb. Two more poured a barrel of brackish water. Raefe could hear the slow splash of the water as trickled to the bottom of the barrel. One side of the circle began to sing.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We take the salt from water!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And the other side answered.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We make salt for our food!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And it continued that way, while some of the children hit tambourines, imitating the slow drip of the water.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We take the metal from the water!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And make tools for our work\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We take the germs from the water!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And make medicines for the sick\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This went on for a while, the singers getting more creative as they went, the children adding a dance to their drumming. Finally, the two people at the barrel raised their arms and the whole room sang \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Amen!\u8221\'94 as they brought them down with a flourish. The two then lifted the funnel, now heavy with sludge, and marched out of the room.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone gathered by the barrel, dipping small cups to fill them with water. Alton raised his over his head.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Water, we have made you blue again!\u8221\'94 And he drank the cup.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Blue water!\u8221\'94 everyone answered, and drank theirs. Raefe just watched, unsure of what to do.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead, my friend,\u8220\'93 Alton smiled. \u8220\'93See what pure water really tastes like.\u8221\'94 He handed him one of the small cups.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe dipped it and brought it to his lips to drink and hesitated.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you are worried, it seems different, odd,\u8221\'94 Alton said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t put my finger on it, but yeah, there\u8217\'92s something off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what pure water smells like?\u8221\'94 Alton asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Never thought about it, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead, put your nose just above the water and inhale. What do you smell?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe sniffed. And then inhaled deeply.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Alton beamed. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see now that the water you have drunk your whole life has always had some smell? Maybe it was polluted, or had too many bacteria, or chemicals to make it safe, or salt from the ocean. Yes, it was only a little of those things, but your brain expects a faint smell in water. Even primitive people know not to drink water that smells unless they have no choice. And we, my friend, have had no choice. But now we do, so drink up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Alton wanted to show him the rest of the settlement. There were more than a dozen other small structures, all made from shipping containers or scrap metal, or something else discarded that they had transformed into houses.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What do you see?\u8221\'94 Alton asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, I see a typical drifter camp,\u8221\'94 Raefe answered, hoping he hadn\u8217\'92t offended him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly!\u8221\'94 Alton said, oddly delighted. \u8220\'93Just what the spy sats see. Now let me show you what you didn\u8217\'92t see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They walked over to a stand of trees. Close up, Raefe could see that there was a thin band of film about 2 feet high wrapped around the larger branches about a two-thirds of the way up the tree. Thin wires from them spiraled down the tree trunk into the ground.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93These are strain gauge films,\u8221\'94 Alton explained. \u8220\'93When they are compressed, the naturally generate a small current. In this case, when the tree bends in any direction from the wind, the films generate electricity. We make the film from scrap plastic in the old landfill and some of the metals and salts from the water \endash  it will take us decades to use it up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They walked on to a small pit, filled with an odd kind of grayish mud.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93This pit we filled with four alternating layers of concrete and scrap plastic. We did that four times, to make it as impermeable as possible. Then we filled it with alternating layers of the salts and metals we remove from the water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I get it \endash  it\u8217\'92s a giant battery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, just so. The trees charge this up, and then we use it for our power. We don\u8217\'92t use a lot of power, but we get it all from the trees. We are working on ways to collect energy from the sun, too, but we haven\u8217\'92t yet figured out just how to do that without creating new pollution \endash  a lot of the solar panel stuff can be toxic. But we will solve it, soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They walked around for two hours, Alton showing him all the clever ways they had created a village that was cleaning up the old landfill just by existing. The honeycomb funnel was actually a reverse osmosis gadget that was built from altered plastic milk jugs. The houses were built on piles of old tires that stabilized the marsh. A small portion of the leeches and slugs that were everywhere were harvested and used for bait or animal feed or fertilizer. There was little here that came from the mainland.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the breeze rippling the trees, it was hot and the marshey land lent a steady mugginess to the air. They found some shade and Alton offered Raefe a canteen full of cool water.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad I came, Alton. I had no idea stuff like this was happening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well the vids ain\u8217\'92t into spreading knowledge much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Authentic. How are you going to really change anything though? I mean, this is great, but there aren\u8217\'92t even 100 people here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Now. But these people will move on, as did many before them. A few thousand people have come here before. Each of them left on a mission, to restore other damaged places like this, other people, and start more Voodo Villages.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe smiled. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that about, the voodoo part?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a college boy, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Trying to be,\u8221\'94 he said sheepishly. \u8220\'93My folks probably wouldn\u8217\'92t be too happy knowing I\u8217\'92m not home studying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93See, right there. You got folks, they did what they could to send you to college. Most of these people, they\u8217\'92re wanderers. No home, their families scattered to the winds. These kids, most of them have never been to a school.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe was skeptical. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You remember that snow crew on the train? How you think their kids go to school? Their parents go north in the winter, the kids who should be in middle school look after the little kids, the older kids do odd jobs and cook for the other ones. Maybe the take care of the old people, too. They used to come and go in school, when they could, but then most places, they tightened up the rules and too many absences, they toss them. So they went from little school to no school.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Man, that\u8217\'92s messed up. Why\u8217\'92d they do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Alton eyed him. Raefe could feel his mind. Was Raefe being na\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u239\'EFve or pretending ignorance?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got to look at the big picture. The whole world\u8217\'92s playing a game of musical chairs, just waiting for the music to stop. The corpos, the pols, they got chairs with their names right on \u8216\'91em. The people who still got regular jobs, who maybe got a house, who might be able to send their kids to college \endash  the want every advantage for them and theirs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe felt torn. He knew there was something to what Alton was saying, but it also seemed a little over the top. He\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d never heard his parents say anything about depriving other people.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I gotta say, I was never taught that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Fish never taught the water is wet, but all the same. You were taught it\u8217\'92s a tough world, and you have to work hard, and nobody does you any favors. But if you study, and don\u8217\'92t rock the boat, things will work out. How close am I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Pretty close.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You think the people you grew up with work harder than those snow crews? You think these people here, who can turn garbage into water and energy, you think they didn\u8217\'92t have to study? You think if they don\u8217\'92t rock the boat, that college of yours will all of a sudden be full of Haitian rasta kids?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, I got that. I\u8217\'92m not that sheltered, and even if I was, Lina would straighten me out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You just were wishing some of it was true, some of it was real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe he was. What could anyone do if everything was a lie, if it was all just bullshit?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It is a lie,\u8221\'94 Alton said, as if he read his mind. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the lie that made the ice melt, the lie that turned California into a desert, the lie that makes white trash still living in the 20}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0\super th}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  century think it would be even better to live in the 19}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0\super th}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  century as long as they ain\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t the slaves. Whatever\u8217\'92s true in all of that, don\u8217\'92t matter. It\u8217\'92s how we got here, to this time and this place. It\u8217\'92s not how we\u8217\'92re ever going to fix it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How are you going to fix it?\u8221\'94 Raefe wondered.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Alton laughed. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Little brother, I have no idea. I\u8217\'92m just doing what I can. And I know I\u8217\'92m not the only one. Do you really think all we can do after 2 million years of evolution is wait for the ocean to cover the world? For all the trees to die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe wanted to tell him that it might not work out, that intelligent life had destroyed itself in many places before. But why, he thought? Alton already understood that, on some level, despite his bravado.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How did you get into this?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked him. He half wondered if Aleron had touched Alton, too.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My father worked for Exxon Gulf, one of the big oil conglomerates. He was a chemical engineer. He was the first black man to become chief engineer for a major oil company. His father was the first person in his family to finish college. His ancestors were slaves. He was a very proud man. He would tell me, \u8216\'91Alton, I have a PhD and I\u8217\'92m the boss of hundreds of men and women, of every color, all around the world. But my great, great, however many greats, grandfather or mother, they probably were just as smart as me. Maybe smarter, since they had to survive hell with no help. So don\u8217\'92t you go putting on airs.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93In 2021, his company discovered oil in Haiti, which was a giant surprise. He went there to lead the exploration. I was just in school then. In Haiti, the multinationals had schools for their people. But still, I learned Creole from the locals. Then that cholera epidemic hit in \u8217\'9228, bigger than the one after the earthquake. Bad timing, because the last half of \u8217\'9228, Hurricane Heather happened. The first hurricane to stall and become a month long superstorm. The winds drove many animals out of the interior forests in Haiti, including bats. So the bat virus came to where we lived, and people were dying in droves. The airlines shut down, and the US Navy patrolled the coast, shooting any boats with people trying to escape. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That was when I first understood about the game of musical chairs. In the aftermath, some of the people from the oil companies got together with some of the locals and tried to rebuild. That was when I discovered that the illiterate people that we were living in the midst of were actually quite educated. They knew a lot about nature, about their own history, about how to make a community out of a group of people. But it was all oral. It was all songs and ceremonies. So while we teach the kids here to read and write, we don\u8217\'92t depend just on that. We\u8217\'92re trying to create a culture, one that can transcend all the barriers of language, religion and even class.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could feel Alton\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s sadness and anger. But he could also feel the steely determination to be better, to be smarter, to be more determined. To be better people, he felt that thought in Alton.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Just before the New Confederate Army boarded that train, Lina and I were talking about the future. No one wants to talk about the future. \u8216\'91It\u8217\'92s too depressing.\u8217\'92\u8217\'92 But why are we even bothering going to college? Why would we even bother to have kids? I feel like I want to do something, but I have no clue about what.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I feel your heart,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not pure, but it is true. There are so many little pockets like this everywhere, all struggling to turn the tide, to retake our future from people who only think about being on top, and never about what carnage is under their feet, and how slippery their perch is. We don\u8217\'92t raise our children to be wolves, and we don\u8217\'92t want to be ruled by them either. Hector, he has a saying: every plant can split a rock to find water or sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Nice thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but what does it mean? I know you are asking that. So are we. I think you are one of us, and you are just discovering that. I know you are not going to come live here, I know you will find other ways and other people. Maybe that is your mission, to roam the world and tell all of our stories, to let us know we are not alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for saying that, for helping me see that anything is better than nothing. I hope I can do more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Alton tussled his hair. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Little brother, you have so much inside you. You keep in touch.\u8221\'94}}