{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I didn't think I could get any uglier, but at eighteen I was way too tall for a girl, and my hands were as big as a grown man's. I hated my hands, but then one day I took to liking them. Preacher says that God never gives you anything you can't handle, so I figured it was about time I used my man-hands for more than work. \
Today was the day. Pa was done with beatin' me, or Ma, without a fight. I was finished with being a piece of beef pummeled into hamburger. Ma's fear was crippling. I guess it was up to me. \
Ma worked the fields during the season, but once too often I had pointed out to the others that boss-man was cheating us. He was counting on the fact that most of us working the fields couldn\'92t count at all. But I was real good with numbers. I\'92d tell the others exactly what he owed them, so when they got to the front, and he tried to hand them half, they could get what they earned. Some stood up for themselves, others didn\'92t. Soon after, the bossman told Pa he didn\'92t want me on his fields anymore. \
So, Pa made me glean the fields after machines had their chance. Late in the afternoon, when it was too hot to pick, I\'92d be out there picking the scrapes by hand. The sun\'92s heat radiated into my bones, my finger bled, my back stiff. Pa thought he was punishing me, but I loved it. Here, it was quiet. I was alone. Here I was safe. \
Life had long since left the field; the plants left for dead. Yet, I pulled life from that death. After I was done, it was plowed under to prepare for next year. Its resurrection\'97something hopeful about resurrections. \
I loved working the farm. Here I was my own boss. I felt strong. Here I never worried about Bee. \
It was a good day. I had picked seven bushels. If I could, I would\'92ve picked into the night. But I knew better than to get home after it was dark under the table, Pa\'92s expression for you\'92re late and in trouble. My evening chores at home still needed doing. I loaded up the bushels but headed in the opposite direction of home. \
\
"Mr. Perkins," I called out. \
"Suzie. Been pickin\'92 I see. When\'92s your daddy gonna learn they got machines for that now. Look at you girl\'97you\'92re a mess." He shook his head as he looked me up and down. \
"Yes, sir, been pickin\'92. You want to buy a bushel for half what you get at the market?"\
"Why sure, but if your daddy finds out you\'92re giving way his cotton, he\'92ll have both our heads." \
I stood with bushel in hand. "Probably best we not tell him then." \
"I don\'92t know Suzie. What you gunna do with the money anyway?" \
"Just saving for a rainy day, Mr. Perkins, maybe get out of this place someday." \
"Yeah, yeah, and I\'92m going to be a movie star." His chuckle was more lighthearted than usual. "One bushel ain\'92t going to make me rich, but if it helps you out, okay." He gave me a wink. "I\'92ll give you half what you\'92re asking for, that will make up for the risk I\'92m taking with your Pa." Mr. Perkins reached out for the bushel. \
He knew I\'92d take it. We do this dance every week.\
I handed him the bushel and waited for him to go into the house and bring back the money. \
Half-mile down the road, I stopped, took off my shoe and put the money in my sock. Couldn\'92t risk Pa finding it. \
The stench of my skin charred by a mixture of sweat, blood, and dried fertilizer walked into the room before I did. \
"How much?" Pa stammered before the front door even closed. \
"Six bushels." I clenched the doorknob and braced myself. Very few days passed without a beating. Kind of like getting up in the morning, brushing my teeth, milking the cow\'97and somewhere in there\'97getting a beating. \
"Six bushels? A damn jack-ass could pick more." He barreled across the kitchen.\
Ma peaked around the corner; her damp cheeks glistening with fresh bruises. As Pa pulled back his fist, Ma cowered and disappeared back into the bedroom. The sight of her recent bruises heated up a volcano inside me. When his fist smacked my cheek, my head bounced back against the door jamb. It was Ma who wailed from the back room like a hawk protecting her young.\
Then my big man-hand flew up from my side, elbow crooked, fist balled, and the volcano erupted under his chin with a powerful upper-cut snapping his head back so far, he staggered into the table pushing it against the refrigerator. \
He shook his head, stunned maybe, but no more than me. I froze. Ma shrieked and closed the bedroom door. \
"You god-dammed son-of-a-bitch." With blood in his eyes, his veins pulsed. His fury swirled like a tornado, and I was in its eye. \
\
I don\'92t remember much after that.\
\
Later that night, Pa stumbled out of the spare bedroom and into bed with Ma. A while later, Bee made her way back to our room. I could feel her tears. \
"Damn girl. One of these days, I swear, I\'92m going to kill him!" \
The mirror don\'92t lie. He\'92d pounded her good. The insides of her thighs already showing blue contrasted with the red hand-marks on her arms where he held her down. \
"We gotta learn to fight back," I said. But thought again as I looked at the battered woman reflected in the mirror with tears streaming. If that was the result of my fighting back, maybe it was better to take the beatings. She look bad. \
}