{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Keep on trucking}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to Liverpool,\u8221\'94 Gordo announced. \u8220\'93A boat will take us south of the border to Wales. There\u8217\'92s a large forest area, Snowdonia, used to be a park for campers and the like. There\u8217\'92s some people will take us through there, and then well, it\u8217\'92s complicated, but there are people who will get us to Devon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You trust them not to turn us over to the corpos?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t know much about Wales, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 Raefe laughed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93These lads, their great-grandads were thrown out of work by the first of the corpos, back in Iron Maggie\u8217\'92s day at the end of the industrial era. Four generations is nothing at all for them to hold a grudge in those parts \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it\u8217\'92s baked into the culture for centuries, just like here. And of course the corpos in the City take every opportunity to stick it to them, so no, the fire\u8217\'92s never gone out. You\u8217\'92re safe with this lot \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they\u8217\'92d never do anything to help the City. You\u8217\'92re their hero.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does Lina know the plan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we\u8217\'92ve been  in touch. She has some ideas she wants to discuss with you, so whenever you get the chance\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right. When we\u8217\'92re on the road.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect. Grab some kit \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we need to get out of here while we can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe had nothing but some clothes and his puter to toss in a pack, along with winter gear and some food. He put the coat and the pack on and grabbed some boxes of food. There were about twenty people packing three good-sized box trucks with Northern Electric written on the side. Gordo laughed at Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s puzzled expression.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got a rental agreement,\u8221\'94 Gordo said. \u8220\'93Very low rate. Gives us a ready reason to be on the road. You\u8217\'92ll be in that truck, with Claire. She actually does worth for Northern and knows the drill, so she\u8217\'92ll do all the talking if it comes to that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe walked over to the truck Gordo had indicated.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where do you want the food,\u8221\'94 he asked Claire, a short, very dark skinned woman who looked to be about 35.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It sounded like she answered \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93All the way up front,\u8221\'94 her thick Scots accent turning the words into taffy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You stay in the back until we get near Leeds. Can\u8217\'92t have McDornish\u8217\'92s men spotting you around here. We\u8217\'92ll switch off after that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There were six of them in the back, sandwiched between the food up front and boxes of spare parts for wind turbines in the back. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d pass no more than a cursory inspection if it came to that. Someone outside pulled the truck door down and the inside went dark. Claire started the motors, and they were off, bouncing down the rough streets. He heard a voice talking quietly on a mobile and the interior lights went on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gordo was up front with Claire, for now. He recognized Ea, a dark-haired, quiet girl who looked vaguely Persian and was good with electronics. Her girfriend, Trina, sat next to her, nervously twirling her blond curls. Brian was almost Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s age, his Irish face lined with years of hard work on the docks. Sitting closest to the back door were Mikey and Ganesh, brothers in their late \u8216\'9120s. Gordo had recruited them from one of the Hindu skinhead gangs after the \u8216\'9174 battles \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they had turned sour on a life of hunting Muslims otherwise just like them. They both had old British Army submachine guns with large magazines.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For McDornish\u8217\'92s gang,\u8221\'94 Ganesh said, as if reading Raefe\u8217\'92s thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do we have intel on them?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked. \u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t really thought about old Benjamin the true Briton. What\u8217\'92s he doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hacked their shit,\u8221\'94 Ea said. \u8220\'93He don\u8217\'92t know what to do. If he goes south, he\u8217\'92s nobody. Worse, if anyone recognizes him. If he stays, he\u8217\'92s frozen dinner for the next 1,000 years. But it\u8217\'92s his freezer, way he sees it. His lads are in an uproar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We hear some of them are taking old Benjie\u8217\'92s Viking heritage spew seriously,\u8221\'94 Mikey said. \u8220\'93Rape, pillage and leave. Not this truck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Used to getting their way with people, that lot,\u8221\'94 Ganesh said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s what they know. Fighting the climate just confuses them. But we\u8217\'92ll straighten them out.\u8221\'94 He patted the stock of his gun.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We can be quiet about it, too,\u8221\'94 Trina said, hiking up her jeans to reveal a large knife in her boot.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not that I\u8217\'92m not very glad you\u8217\'92re here,\u8221\'94 Raefe said, \u8220\'93but before you starting shooting and slashing, I can tell you if you need to. I\u8217\'92ll know how hard they\u8217\'92re going to play it. If they\u8217\'92re just out for a little intimidation, let me talk it through with them first. Always better not to leave bodies behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you say so, guvnor,\u8221\'94 Mikey said, unconvinced. \u8220\'93If you say so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}