{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Get her goat}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 January 20, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was just after dawn when Lina slipped quietly out of their condo in the Shanzu district onto Serena Road. She wanted to get to the market while the stalls selling African foods were still open. It was Sauda\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s birthday and she would make her a meal of Kenyan foods. Yang Zhao had banished most local dishes from the dinner table, so Sauda\u8217\'92s treat would have to be a lunch of ugali and nyama choma.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Serena Road was only half full at this hour, three wheeled delivery vehicles and lurching electric buses the main traffic. Most of the Shanzu inhabitants were like Zhao, Chinese middle managers  who took the bus a few kilometers down the 88 to the port in Mombasa. Zhao worked there in the main planning office for Chinese civil engineering projects on the Kenyan coast. Others took the light rail up to the big cement manufacturing complex in Bamburi. They were just waking now. In ninety minutes, the market and all the shops would become theirs, filled with local fish and chicken, imported pork and vegetables, and whatever else was imported to make Africa seem like an extension of the Middle Kingdom.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For now, the locals could fill their needs and wants. Lina ambled through the dusty market streets wedged in between the 88 and Old Shimo La Tewa Road. She found the ancient woman everyone knew only as Auntie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Milima, is your house on fire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, Auntie,\u8221\'94 she smiled, playing through their usual routine. \u8220\'93Only my mother\u8217\'92s stomach. Her Chinese daughter sleeps, but her Kenyan daughter comes for your medicine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So half the mountain comes to me. You are in luck. I have a fresh batch of meal, just the medicine for your mother. She is lucky to have such a good daughter, to fetch it for her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And even luckier that I am going to make ugali for her today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Auntie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face betrayed her skepticism. \u8220\'93When did you learn how to make ugali?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Like most of the locals, Auntie was keenly aware of the Chinese disdain for Kenyan food and customs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sometimes, when my father is away, Sauda cannot help herself,\u8221\'94 Lina said, laughing. \u8220\'93She makes us Kenyan food. When I was a girl I\u8217\'92\u8217\'92d complain and she\u8217\'92d just say \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ll forget how otherwise.\u8217\'92 And she\u8217\'92d show me how, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, don\u8217\'92t forget, the secret to good ugali is to wait until the water is hot, and stir in the meal with a straw whisk. I\u8217\'92ll give you one if you don\u8217\'92\u8217\'92t have one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, Auntie, that would be great. Mom will be grateful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She wandered through the market, feeling the energy of the shoppers, fresh from sleep, not yet worn down by a long work day in the heat. And something else \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  a comfort, an ease that came from the familiar. It was the same feeling she got from her father when he was among his countrymen. The feeling that so easily could turn to discomfort and unease with each other when Kenyans and Chinese came together. She wondered how to change that. Could it be changed?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her musings were interrupted by the site of Musa, the halaal butcher.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What brings you out so early, Milima?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to be sure you still had goat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are going to surprise your father?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not unless you have Chinese moon cakes. Goat, that would not be a pleasant surprise for him. No goats in China, you know. No this is for my mother. I\u8217\'92m going to make her nyama choma.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, she will love that. Make sure you get the right wood for the barbeque grill,\u8221\'94 Musa said, and proceeded to give her a long series of tips on how to make the best nyama choma.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As she walked back up Serena Road toward the ocean, she could sense people behind the doors awake now. Behind her, the native district smelled of mandazi doughnuts and chapati bread, heavily milked chai and coffee. In front of her, the Chinese quarter was full of congee, steamed buns and tea. She could feel the contentment that everyone in all directions had as they ate their first meal. So many ways to the same happiness, so easy to mistake the food for the satisfaction it brought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She had a brief flashback of espresso  and corn muffin with Raefe. It made her happy, but she had to laugh imagining them sitting in a tea shop in Shanzu. People would be thinking, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My, she\u8217\'92s Chinese and African. He\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s white. Seems like they\u8217\'92ve got the whole world covered.\u8221\'94 And then some! If they had a kid, they could get it a T-shirt: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m one quarter Jewish, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well, they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d burn that bridge when they came to it. If only.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}