{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hankori wanted to shout to the heavens. He wanted to soak the waveform with his delight. He could not, of course, but savoring Salmerikon\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s imminent distress would do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anatope had been dubious, but Hankori had been sure that they would succeed. Davis didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have Raefe\u8217\'92s talent for entangling, but he was open enough for Hankori to manipulate his emotions. Trying to control him directly wasn\u8217\'92t possible \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he would have to do that in secret and hide, and his absence for days and weeks would be hard to explain. Anyway, it hadn\u8217\'92t been neccessary. Get him fixated on the solar train, make him feel taking it down would raise his profile to United Energy Resources, scratch his eternal itch about dark-skinned woman, and the gas cloud was practically a star already.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Even better luck that Raefe and Lina had been the only young couple of two colors on the trains. Sure, there were plenty such couples among the migrant workers on the train. But many were older or the women were already pretty beat up by life, but Raefe and Lina? Practically automatic that anyone as wound-up about sex as Davis would go the extra mile to force Raefe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hand by separating the white and dark people, splitting up the couples. He\u8217\'92d never done that on his own for previous trainjackings. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Usually he and his boys hit one of the more elite trains and tried to collect ransoms on the passengers. They usually just herded the people into the camp. Those that couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t pay up, they sold for forced labor or sex slaves. Hankori had skillfully built his irrational resentment against the solar trains over the last weeks. Davis had come to believe that somehow the fall of the coal regions had been caused by solar trains! But it was Davis himself who made the magical leap to thinking that destroying them would bring coal back. Granted,  United Energy Resources had planted that seed. The whole process showed how tenuous the Peoples\u8217\'92 grasp on reality actually was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And now Raefe had gotten himself seriously injured. These People were brutes. He had no patience for Aleron\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s simpering support of them. Let them top themselves and be done with it. The primitive emotions that ruled them \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  conquest, fear. Their whole social order was designed to prevent collaboration and cohesion. Didn\u8217\'92t Aleron understand the power that she possessed in her mind, the accomplishment that their level of enhancement and entanglement truly was? Her mind, clouded by all that Guardian theology. In a billion years, what had they done? Saved a few dozen civilizations in a whole galaxy. Now they had a chance to become part of the Galaxy, to change the fabric of reality itself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be ignored when Raefe failed, the Guardians would open their eyes. The whole project would lose support. Resources would flow to the lightspeed engine project. Multiple generations of Guardians, roaming farther in the galaxy than ever before, maybe nearby galaxies, too, looking for new, worthy intelligent life. At least that was how he had built support for the project.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe the injury would rob Raefe completely of his powers. That would be delicious. Poor Aleron, search the Void for her pet and no signal at all. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d wait a little to see how it played out, and let the others know. He smiled in anticipation.}}