{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Bad dreams}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 September 5, 2048}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i1
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 People are screaming all around him. He can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see more than a few feet, but he knows something terrible is happening down near the harbor. He hears metal bending, then shredding. He hears water, lots of it, banging cars around, getting louder, drowning out the screams.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe bolted awake, sweating, temples pounding as they always did when he had these visions. He started the deep breathing exercises the therapy app had given him. This must be the remnants of that hurricane, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s just a storm. In, out, in and \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  why is the water getting louder? He can feel the screams of drowning people. He shook Lina.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Get up! We have to get to the roof.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He yanked her arm, pulling her up out of the bed. She grabbed at her Voice and they ran up the back stairs in their underwear, yelling \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wake up, get to the roof!\u8221\'94 to the other residents of their three-container TinyStack, banging ferociously on the third-floor door as they run by. The water sound was loud now, they could barely hear their feet on the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They got to the roof, Kiko and Kayam right behind them. They bent into the wind, trying to see what was happening. Hurricane Fatima drove sheets of rain toward them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look!\u8221\'94 Lina yelled over the wind. \u8220\'93The storm wall must be shot.\u8221\'94 They can barely see that the usual bright necklace of lights and gates that is the harbor sea wall has disappeared. Huge waves slammed the shore, cars tumbled like driftwood into buildings. The sea has already pushed the Mystic River fast over its banks, churning inland past the TinyStack.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kiko pointed wordlessly off to the right. A small ship surfed a 30 foot wave, headed from Boston Harbor toward the Mystic Tobin Bridge. The ship twisted and for a minute it looked like it would pass under the bridge that towered 50 meters above it. Then the water threw the boat back into the farthest pillar. A mile away, they heard the sound of the bridge bending over the roar of the water. The pillar bent, twisting the whole bridge. The bending freed the ship and it continued on until it smashed into a building only blocks away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The streets were 5 meters deep in sea water all around them and dawn was hours away. They look up at the elevated highway only meters above their TinyStack. They found a track for maintenance robots on the highway stanchion. They wedged their feet between the rails and climbed up. The meet a ragged column of survivors on Interstate 93. The rain is everywhere, there is no escape from its driving needles, but they turn their backs on the flood and march north, away from the harbor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could barely look at the survivors, freezing, dressed in underwear, pajamas, blankets or nothing, footsteps silent in the wind and rain. His brain was wracked by a kind of lightning that brought a thunder of drowned screams. He put his hand on the back of Lina\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. His white hand was like a flashlight on her brown back, and he followed it through the rain. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They get to the top of a big hill. Lina turns around and shakes him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s OK, we\u8217\'92re safe,\u8221\'94 she says. \u8220\'93We made it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He nods and wonders, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 But when will the screams stop?}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They all turn and look back over East Somerville, now a drowned urban swamp. There are no more streets, just dirty water and short buildings like fat trees sticking out of it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So that\u8217\'92s what the apocalypse looks like,\u8221\'94 Kayam said, his arms wrapped tight around himself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, where\u8217\'92s Jesus?\u8221\'94 Lina answered, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no Jesus coming,\u8221\'94 Kayam said. \u8220\'93Not like that. No free trip to heaven for the true believers. Look around \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you telling me this isn\u8217\'92t the end of our world? You think we\u8217\'92re the only people right now standing on a hill looking at something like this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Kayam, stop it,\u8221\'94 Kiko said. \u8220\'93Now\u8217\'92s not the time. Come here.\u8221\'94 She embraced him, sobs and tears leaking out of both of them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, K,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t mean to jump on you like that. You know how I am about all that mumbo jumbo.\u8221\'94 Kayam waved his hand as if to say, it\u8217\'92s OK, even if nothing is.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s our TinyStack!  Over there.\u8221\'94 Raefe said, pointing. He asked what no one has wanted to. \u8220\'93Do you think Miguel got out of the first floor?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No way,\u8221\'94 Kayam said. \u8220\'93Water was already over back door when we got to the roof.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Rest in peace, Migs,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Sorry we didn\u8217\'92t have more time to get to know you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, Kiko,\u8221\'94 Raefe suddenly realized, \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s your food trike?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Serving the fishes,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to have to find a new place to get Cubanos and Korean barbecue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Starting to see your point, Kayam,\u8221\'94 Lina said. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe stared at the only home he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s had since leaving his parents. From here, their little TinyStack just looked like bright painted shipping containers stacked under a bridge.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The first light of day brought a dull, gray shine to the city. Traffic was sparse. Lina\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Voice finally found the Net. She sent a text to her parents in Sofricar and gave her Voice to Raefe to call his family. In Raefe\u8217\'92s ear it\u8217\'92s loose, smaller than his, but he jams his finger in to make it work. He talked to it quietly, resetting it to work for him. The Voice took awhile, but it was able to get through to Oregon. }
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Dad, it\u8217\'92s Raefe. Just wanted to let you know I\u8217\'92m OK.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, son, so happy to hear your voice. I\u8217\'92m seeing some crazy stuff on the Net \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  10 million people homeless, no power to 100 million?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Dad. My \u8216\'91puters lost in the flood, we had to leave in a hurry. I\u8217\'92m using Lina\u8217\'92s Voice. We just walked all night to get out of the flood. We\u8217\'92re just standing on hill. I\u8217\'92m hoping some cops come by, or any one who knows where we should go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s chaos, Raefe. They\u8217\'92re saying the government can\u8217\'92t even find its own people. Digi and Brightstar Defense and some other big corpos say they\u8217\'92re going to help. You know how that works \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  have a problem and call Brightstar for help, now you\u8217\'92ve got two problems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It just keeps getting, worse, Dad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid so, son.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 Raefe could see him, sitting in their apartment in the endless townhouse flats south of Eugene, staring out at the wind farms on the ridge. On the wall, the photo of Justin Miller and Charlotte Epstein holding newborn Raefe, little Benny looking up, standing in front of a brownstone in Brooklyn. He loved that picture. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re smiling about their future. No one thought that The Slide was only months away. A secret US weapons test in space would cause a massive communications satellite failure. The Net would disappear for six weeks, tipping the creaky world financial system down the long incline it was still on.  Millions of Justins and Charlottes \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  billions around the world \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  would never have a full time job again. Nor would they ever smile quite as effortlessly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just tell mom I\u8217\'92m thinking of you guys. I can see that picture on the wall, you smiling at mom.\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t forget that smile. You give mom and Benny my love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will do. You take care of yourself. And say hi to Lina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 Raefe turned to Lina and Kayam and Kiko.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My dad says the Net is crazy with rumors. One hundred million without power, 10 million homeless. Corpos already feasting on the carcass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 He stood numb, feeling like a giant antenna receiving a million channels, all with bad news. Yesterday he was just another kid struggling to find work and keep it together. Today they were all human driftwood washed up on the new shoreline.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0}