{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Bootstrapping}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 January 17, 2050}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe was beside himself with frustration. He had worked for months pursuing the direction that Aleron had suggested. She had been of no further help, apparently wrapped up in her own life. At first, he had made some progress and could see that this direction could work. Joe had stepped up on his end, trying new kinds of math that could handle large numbers of interacting variables reacting with each other non-linearly. Elise had adjusted the social aspects of the sim to reflect that. They had made significant progress.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In their 100 year sim, they could not exactly reproduce the current world. But the variations were no longer random and opposite. They seemed to want to converge. Joe had been convinced that it was a computer problem. He had managed to gain access, somehow, to MIT\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mos powerful server farms. When that didn\u8217\'92t work, he had called in a favor from a buddy at DigiBrands and gotten two weeks of time on a prototype system, their most advanced, before it went into production. Their project was labeled as test of the system. But it hadn\u8217\'92t worked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He felt Lina tickling his mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe, the most wonderful thing has happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Glad someone\u8217\'92s having a good time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your sim is not going well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know it. And I\u8217\'92m just stuck. I\u8217\'92d love some good news \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  what\u8217\'92s up with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Remember Alton?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, after you left, he and the Citizens did reach an agreement of sorts. The Citizens have a high council of sorts, although it\u8217\'92s pretty informal. They were very worried about allying with an army, as I predicted. Anyway, they decided to try a small joint project. So last September, 100 people from each group went off together, on their own, and built a small village. The test was to see if their economic system and our social system could work together and be something more than either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And did it work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It was working well. Fatima was one of the people, and last week, Edna asked me to visit and see how she was doing. Something amazing happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What? You\u8217\'92re killing me with suspense here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fatima tried in her way, to entangle with the other people, but she\u8217\'92s too new at it. But when I arrived, she asked me to help and something completely unexpected happened. Fatima couldn\u8217\'92t sense how close everyone was, but I felt it immediately. I tried reaching out to some individuals who seemed to have the strongest signals, but they were all strong. Raefe, we did it \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  we created the waveform that Aleron talks about. All of a sudden, we could all sense each other, all 201 of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit. What was it like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Was? Is! It is fantastic. Let me bring you into it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just relax. You feel that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And just like that, as if he was looking out his window at 200 people in a park, he could feel each of their minds. It was a warm feeling, what his grandmother used to call a group hug. But it was complex and shaded. He could get lost in it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, there\u8217\'92s so much to explore,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93This is how life could be, so rich.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I was there,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you are,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93You are here, just not in the old way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to think. Just then he felt Alton\u8217\'92s mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We meet again,\u8221\'94 Alton said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I never imagined it would be like this,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yet you seem unhappy,\u8221\'94 Alton said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m very happy. But when Lina connected, I was very frustrated. I\u8217\'92ve been trying to understand what you all are doing on a bigger scale, working out how we can understand how this will change things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lina told me about your project,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93It sounds super cool. Can we help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t succeeded in accurately describing empathy in all its glories \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  what activates it, deactivates it, how it interacts with competitiveness. All of these things get complicated very fast, and I\u8217\'92m just stuck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I could understand that,\u8221\'94 Alton said. \u8220\'93I was one of the first people Lina reached out to when she came here. It was a very cool experience. But it wasn\u8217\'92t the same as the waveform. Once we we were all connected, many things became clearer. I think we can help you, if you try and describe your problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s pretty technical,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Particles and fields and all that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is just the words you use to describe it. Quiet your mind and let us see what you know and what you want to know\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Time slipped away. Raefe was no longer aware of whether it was light or dark, whether he was sitting or standing. A 200-way conversation of thoughts flowed in and around him, all focused on deeply probing empathy and how it changed what we think, feel, and do. In a lull, he thought \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93of course, one person can\u8217\'92t understand all of this,\u8221\'94 and then was swept up again in the waveform. It wasn\u8217\'92t like 200 people talking and certainly not 200 people arguing or debating. It was 200 people with a common purpose, growing organically from their own experience and needs. Their waveform seemed at times like an actual ocean wave, breaking over the long open sea, bits of the truth bobbing to the surface as it passed over the deeps. The bits became a loose assemblage floating on the current that grew and took on a shape. He watched, fascinated, as the shape refined itself, its facets and recesses increasingly well defined. Still, it pulsed and changed as each person\u8217\'92s thoughts molded it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 By morning, he understood what needed to be done. The latest iteration of the 100 year sim was nearly perfect in describing the world as he knew it. He disconnected from the waveform, exhausted and ecstatic. He sent Joe and Elise the address of the perfected sim and slept as deeply as he ever had.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}