{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I stood on my front porch staring at the front door. From here I could hope that somehow Ma and Bee would be inside. I reached for the knob, and pressed my ear against the door. Stepping through, hope died. \
Who else would die before this was over. I considered what the Cartel might do to Bobby, now that they knew Pa was alive. Bobby was an idiot and a jerk but he didn't deserve to die. There had been enough death in this town. Bobby's only chance was if Pa returned the goods to the Cartel, and told them Bobby wasn't involved. Might even save Pa. \
Convincing Pa would be difficult, but if he knew that the Cartel had Ma and Bee, and that Bobby was at risk, maybe, just maybe, if any spec of the man from Ma's diary was till in there, he would do the right thing. \
But I had to find him first. Pa options were limited. All his buddies worked in the mine, so he wasn't staying with any of them. But there was one place he might hold up. \
I headed out on foot to the old shack where Aiden's Pa had caught Aiden and I together. Pa sometimes used it when hunting. I hadn't been out there since that day Aiden betrayed me, the day he choose Bee. \
The shack came into sight. I waited and watched. I finished my bottle of water. By dust and no signs of life my patience was wearing thin. But I waited. \
About another hour, with still no movement, I slunk to the shack. A odd oder waved passed me like when a woman struts in front of you with too much bad perfume on. From the side window signs of Pa confirmed he had been there: bloody bandages, Pa's shirt, and empty beer cans littered the floor. He should be dead with all that blood on his shirt; he was a tough ol' bastard. \
Although certain no one was there, I entered through the back door like a cat. The oder grew stronger. \
In the front room, I picked up the bloody shirt. The image of Pa pinned against the back of the building at the mine flashed before me. He had on a different shirt. My focus shifted to the beer cans, then to the half eaten can of beans from the table, and the unopened cans of tuna and soup on the counter. And another ray of hope of hope faded. \
I knew someone had been in the house. He must have come back, got some clothes, beer and food. I had hoped it had been Ma. \
Outside, footsteps approached. My eyes darted searching for a place to hide. I thought I could make it out the back door, but then heard a noise in that direction as well. Making my way to the window, I stumbled on the hook to the hatch that led to the crawl space underneath the house. I opened it wide enough to slip under the floor and close it over my head. \
The footfall continued. Crouching beneath the house, I was as still as dried cement, except for my heart fluttering like hummingbird's wings. Was it more than one person? I closed my eyes and held my breath. \
The clucking trill of a Javelina pack rumbled in. The steady, calm, mucking sound proved there was no one in their line of sight, or their sounds would have been much more threatening. I let out a sigh of relieve. It must have been their stench I smelled. Relieved, I looked around the crawl space to get my bearings. \
A rolled up carpet, toward the edge of the house, caught my eye. It was the old rotted-out carpet that used to be on the floor of the shack. I hadn't noticed it was missing. I crawled over to it. Putrid rot filled my nose. \
"Oh my god!" I shuffled away from the carpet. \
A foot poked out of the carpet roll. The stench undeniable now: the acrid stench of death. \
I couldn't breath; my hand trembled, my stomach roiled. A foot. A human foot. When my breath returned, I inched back to the carpet. It took only two rolls of the carpet to expose the body inside.\
It was Ma. \
"No! No, no, no, no." The words scratched my throat as they escaped. Tears streamed down my face and pressure built in my chest. \
Ma's eyes looked back at me, pleading. My stomach spasmed; I vomited. Again. And again. \
Minutes later, I alternated deep breaths with spitting out the sour taste. I turned back to Ma's body. \
Her face had beaten into a horrid, terrified look. The back of her head, bashed in. Her torn clothes, bloody. I reached over to close her eyes; her skin was cold, dull. This was Ma's body, but she was no longer there.\
A tragic shriek of despair exploded around me, shaking the floor boards above. Violent sobs convulsed through me. A dark cloud of sorrow enveloped me as I fell over on my side into the fetal position. Allowing my sobs to rock me, I wanted to join her in death. }