{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 The Big Meeting}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 February 3, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon had never felt the waveform so volatile at a Guardian Council meeting. It wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t the number of participants that made it so difficult to tune everyone in. Aside from himself, there were only representatives from the five departments\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Anatope from Timelines, Hanakori from Administration, Putnomo from Discovery, Tanoch from Ambasssadors and Manulo from Analysis \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  plus Aleron, summoned to explain events on Earth. No, the difficulty was in finding a wave that encompassed the full range of emotions that were brought to the meeting. He felt fear, arrogance, sadness, puzzlement, anger, gloating \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  not much to build resonance on. Disagreement was common among all peoples, and certainly the Guardian Council, but this was more. It felt like a will to avoid agreement, as if it were some ancient virus.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Our task as council,\u8221\'94 he began neutrally, \u8220\'93often involves difficult, even impossible, dilemmas. Our tradition has always been to stare these directly in the face. To brave the complications they entail, to find the solution that is most faithful to our principles and our mission. I ask for your help now in coming together to discuss the matters at hand. We have two key issues in front of us. One is the recent crisis on Earth \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  what happened, what was done, and what should come next. Two is the proposal from Discovery to launch a new initiative, a project aimed at developing a lightspeed engine. Let\u8217\'92s start with Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as he had acknowledged the lightspeed engine project, the waveform had begun to coalesce more firmly. }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 So this is what they really want, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 he thought. }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Why the emotion attached to it?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Representing Timelines,\u8221\'94 Anatope started, \u8220\'93I want the Council to understand that at least one timeline shift was made without our participation. We know from past experience that any number of bad things can happen when this ability is used without proper care. That is the entire reason that Timelines was created as the newest part of the Guardians. Was it an Ambassador who initiated this shift? And can they explain why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No Ambassadors are trained enough to accomplish a shift,\u8221\'94 Tanoch replied, \u8220\'93even if we were so inclined. What evidence do you have that it was an Ambassador?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I received a request from Aleron for a suitable timeline,\u8221\'94 Anatope said. \u8220\'93And not long after, the shift was made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Aleron?\u8221\'94 Tanoch asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Anatope is correct,\u8221\'94 Aleron said, \u8220\'93but his account is incomplete. I made an initial query because I was concerned that Earth\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s general situation was deteriorating. I wanted to begin thinking about alternative Earth\u8217\'92s for my contacts. Anatope gave me some insight into those options.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And I warned you against trying to send your contact into his past to relive his mistakes,\u8221\'94 Anatope said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. And I made it clear that I was not interested in that. But you are wrong to say that you did not particpate in the shift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsene,\u8221\'94 Anatope fired back. \u8220\'93We had nothing to do with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Precisely. The situation was dire,\u8221\'94 she said. She broadcast the records of the volcanic collapse and the tidal wave. \u8220\'93I had only a short time to rescue Raefe or his consciousness would have died with him. You were made aware of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Aleron is correct,\u8221\'94 Manulo interjected. \u8220\'93Both in her assessment of the situation on Earth and in what she told Timelines.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And what was the response from Timelines?\u8221\'94 Salmerikon asked, leaving it vague whether he was addressing Manulo or Anatope.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I received no request from them for more information,\u8221\'94 Manulo replied. \u8220\'93Typically, that would be the first step in planning a shift.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Because no shift had been authorized by the Council,\u8221\'94 Anatope said. \u8220\'93I can only carry out the will of the Council.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But you knew there wasn\u8217\'92t time for that,\u8221\'94 Aleron said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I knew you didn\u8217\'92t have time for that,\u8221\'94 Anatope said, \u8220\'93but whose fault was that? You had already anticipated that a shift would be neccessary, yet you never bothered to inform the council.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93A good Ambassador always considers many potential outcomes,\u8221\'94 Tanoch said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, precisely,\u8221\'94 Hankori said, \u8220\'93and prepares for them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You misunderstand my meaning,\u8221\'94 Tanoch said. \u8220\'93If every Ambassador came to the Council every time they saw that the potential for a time shift had risen to a level where it was worth thinking about, we would be in constant session. I think the record suggests only that Aleron was correct in her assessment. None of us can predict the future, only see vaguely the shape it might take.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Let us rise above the level of petty disputes about the facts,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93The facts  are not in dispute. Aleron made a request to Timelines, and Timelines answer was to follow procedure. Do we all agree on that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He could sense the frustration from some of the Council who had come hoping to discredit Aleron, but no one objected to his characterization.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So the question before us,\u8221\'94 he continued, \u8220\'93is whether Timelines was right to stand on principle even if the outcome was disastrous. Especially when that principle was essentially a bureaucratic one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You say that as if acting to shift the contact could not also bring disaster,\u8221\'94 Anatope said, unyielding. \u8220\'93Let me remind you of the Orion disaster, when certain Guardians caused the collapse of an entire civilization across many timelines by repeated shifts without considering the consequences or even stating clear expectations of what they hope to accomplish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we are all familiar with that unfortunate incident,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon responded. \u8220\'93That was why, 150,000 years ago, Timelines was founded. Tanoch, did Aleron\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s training not include the lessons learned from Orion?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It most certainly did,\u8221\'94 Tanoch said. \u8220\'93And I can feel that you are going to ask whether her actions in this case could have initiated such a spiral. My answer is no. The key feature of the Orion incident was that the Ambassador involved develop a method whereby he would direct his contact to a certain course of action. If it did not work, he would analyze the shortcomings, shift the contact to a very similar timeline and then direct him to a refined course of action based on the past failing. Ultimately, the Ambassador fell in love with his own analysis, which was on its own incorrect, and inadvertently  directed his contact to repeat this in ever more effective  ways. The contact, instead of becoming an agent for progress, became the chief architect of a conflict which, once started, could not be stopped and rampaged on for centuries. In the end, the species wound up destroying itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And I understand that,\u8221\'94 Aleron said. \u8220\'93Raefe was merely a victim of a natural disaster brought on by centuries of inaction. The only thing he has learned is that Armageddon is a real possibility.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Armageddon is a real possility for all civilizations, even our various ones,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93And that is why our nurturance of humans is important, more important than our own rules. Our mission is to create the conditions for intelligent life to prosper and survive. Whatever inconveniences, messy situations, loose ends or confusion that brings, we must always keep that foremost in mind. I would hope that in the future, Timelines would adhere to that mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Anatope remained silent.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Fortunately, Raefe has been relocated to a more advantageous timeline. Aleron, you have entangled with him. What are his prospects?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good, I believe,\u8221\'94 Aleron answered. \u8220\'93He is a bit disoriented. His situation is actually more stable: he has a job, decent housing. I\u8217\'92\u8217\'92ve been talking to him about second chances. The notion that his second chance is also a second chance for his species. I am expecting it will take some months, maybe a few years, before he is able to translate that into meaningful actions. My plan is to encourage him to seek out others who he might join with. He is not a charismatic leader on his own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on,\u8221\'94 Hankori interrupted. \u8220\'93How did you shift him without the cooperation of Timelines?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron hesitated. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I did,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon interjected. \u8220\'93Analytics had made me aware of the crisis. Once Aleron told me of the issue with Timelines, I took the necessary steps.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How interesting,\u8221\'94 Hankori answered. \u8220\'93I was unaware that anyone but Timelines could actually access the quantum multiverse interface needed to shift someone to a new timeline. In fact, in Administration, we have gone to great lengths to ensure that each department is compartmentalized, so that no Guardian can hijack the system for their own agenda.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I am surprised to hear you say that,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon answered. \u8220\'93You know that as Coordinator, I have the ability to access any systems. Perhaps you were unaware that in my early days in the Guardians we still practiced a system of rotation for trainees. Most of you are aware that every so often I participate in your department\u8217\'92s work. I\u8217\'92m not sure how a Coordinator can function, really, if they remain completely ignorant of what we do as Guardians.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I will only register my concern, then, at your interference. A matter for another time,\u8221\'94 Hankori said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon could feel the waveform oscillate between those who agreed with Hankori and those who didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t. There was no clear consensus. He was actually relieved that there wasn\u8217\'92t more support for Hankori\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s attempt to open the can of worms. He would be gracious and move before someone thought to ask about Lina.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Quite,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93We have much to talk about with the second item, the lightspeed drive project.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, indeed,\u8221\'94 Putnomo said. Everyone had sensed his growing impatience. \u8220\'93You have received my brief. Let me summarize. Some preliminary work by the Science team has revived interest in lightspeed travel. We are exploring some very promising new physics that will unlock this possibility. Rather than having to accelerate toward lightspeed, with all of the energy consumption and relativistic effects that entails, this new physics points to instantaneous lightspeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Given that we have effective faster than lightspeed transmission of information through wormholes, what do you see as the benefit,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What if there was intelligent life that was just bad at entanglement?\u8221\'94 Putnomo asked. \u8220\'93Perhaps that is even the more common scenario than being capable of it. We would never know about these species. But this new approach will allow us to contact such species, at the least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Does the physics suggest that this work could lead to FTL drives,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t rule it out,\u8221\'94 Putnomo replied. \u8220\'93Still early days.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You foresee a program of exploration?\u8221\'94 Tanoch asked. \u8220\'93What part of the galaxy could be reached within the lifetime of an enhanced being?\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Most of it,\u8221\'94 Putnomo said. \u8220\'93Direct contact with life anywhere in the Galaxy should be possible, coupled with instantaneous communications of results.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So you see perhaps robotic vessels conducting a survey?\u8221\'94 Manulo asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That would be for us to decide, but yes, that is one scenario. Right now, my concern is to get the project into prototype mode, to build a working small-scale engine,\u8221\'94 Putnomo responded.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Might I ask more about the physics?\u8221\'94 Manulo said. \u8220\'93What is the basic principal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s quite complex, really,\u8221\'94 Putnomo answered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92\u8217\'92m broadcasting some reference materials if you want to dig deeper. But the short answer is that we think that by combining advanced plasma control systems with vacuum energy modulation, we can instantaneously transform the plasma into very high levels of light pressure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon made a mental note to investigate the science more thoroughly. Putnomo\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s description didn\u8217\'92t quite make sense.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What would you need from the council?\u8221\'94 he asked Putnomo.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The project will require a doubling of the energy budget and staff allocations for the entire Discovery department. It would mean a redefinition of our basic goals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What you mean\u8221\'94 Tanoch said, \u8220\'93is that you would shift your activities away from supporting the Ambassador\u8217\'92s mission, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Putnomo. \u8220\'93We would change what is available to the Ambassadors. Now they can merely entangle with a few individuals. This project will enable them to identify new species, and perhaps even someday, to go beyond this galaxy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But until lightspeed technology actually works, and we can use it for the Ambassadors,\u8221\'94 Tanoch pointed out, \u8220\'93you would essentially be allowing the current effort to stagnate, betting on a future replacement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Unless our home worlds are willing to give greater support to the Guardians as a whole,\u8221\'94 Putnomo answered. \u8220\'93That is not for me to decide.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Then I suggest that I ask each Guardian species to consider their stance on this,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93Ultimately, they must decide what future direction we want to take as Guardians. I will proceed with that. When we know the answer, we can meet to discuss again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Both sides accept this, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Salmerikon thought. }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 I wonder why.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}