{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The whole town turned out for the funeral. The humidity was high, and the heat soaked our clothes, but it didn't matter. These lives mattered. Aiden stood next to me and held my hand. His acceptance disoriented me. How could he still love me after what those men did to me? After what my Pa did to me. But he did. None of it mattered to him. \'93As long as it takes,\'94 he said. He'd be there when I was ready. \
Mrs. Jones stood on my other side. She eyed our hands and smiled. \
After the grave-side ceremony, we all marched back to the field next to the church. Although a solemn occasion, we choose to celebrate their lives and the rebirth of our town without the Cartel. \
Murmurs grew louder as we approached the field. \
"Oh, my god?" "Where did all this come from?" "What's going on?" \
Tables and tables of catered food: meats, vegetables, salads, deserts outlined the field. A carving station of roast beef in the center, with a server standing ready to carve. \
The townsfolk rushed in and filled their plates. Maybe the first full meal some of them had in a while. Sure was for me. \
Dot strolled in late, pulling behind her a child's red-wagon carrying jugs full of her infamous Aloe Vera juice. \
"What have I missed?" she said over the boisterous crowd. In minutes everyone partook of her miracle juice. Good for anything that ails you and more.\
Mrs. Jones and I stood, taking in the bounty. \
"You have anything to do with this?" Mrs. Jones said. \
"Manna from heaven, I guess," I said. \
"What ever happened with that $750K from the dry cleaners?"\
"Donated, I heard." \
As if God himself were participating in the celebration, the sky opened and rain poured out. Everyone lifted their hands and faces to the sky and drunk in the life giving water. The farmers danced and laughed until the rain softened the ground and their shoes were covered in mud. \
The rain soaked through to my bones. Bee\'92s warmth blossomed within me, and the fracture inside me began to seal. \
 }