{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1 January, 2050}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They took the redeye solar train south, sleeping most of the way. Just after dawn, they arrived in Miami. The station was only blocks from the water, so they headed down to the seaport. Raefe had pictured a lone dock, but it was a madhouse of boats of all sorts. They found the power station boat and stowed their gear with the crew. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want to get some breakfast?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Definitely, but not here. It\u8217\'92s all generic,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s find some local grub. I want an authentic Cubano. I told Kayam I was going to check up on his stuff down here, see if he\u8217\'92s been feeding me the real deal all this time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The water taxis were down the other end, past a long line of ferries.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, there\u8217\'92s one to Cuba, another to the Bahamas,\u8221\'94 Lina noted. \u8220\'93Lot of people passing through here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s another to Haiti. Spanish, English, French \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  take your pick,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Reminds me of Africa,\u8221\'94 Lina smiled. \u8220\'93Different Asians, though \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  looks mostly Viet or Thai here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that Rooster boat company sent them here after the floods,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93No more roads, no more cars.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The far end of the dock was crowded with the iconic Bangkok boats \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  long, thin boats with big fuel cell motors mounted high up on the back, and 3-meter drive shafts angled out the back driving the propeller.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A small Asian man caught their attention with his spikey yellow hair and matching eyeglass frames. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where you going?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93I can take you cheap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s the best Cubano?\u8221\'94 Lina asked. \u8220\'93Can you take us there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ten bucks to South Beach Island. Great food there. My cousin, she runs best Cuban Vietnamese joint on the island. Eight bucks if you go there. Tell her Minh sent you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cuban Vietnamese \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  never had that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s good there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You have pastrami bon me, best in Miami. Great Cubano. Maybe you try Viet coffee, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Deal,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93 But can you come back for us in an hour? We\u8217\'92ve got to make another boat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Too bad,\u8221\'94 Minh said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll miss the best sights. You come back in the afternoon, the whole seaport will be filled with rich old people, with all of their enhanced animals. Last night, they had a dance contest for chimps. Big fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who won?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I heard it was a chimp named Bieber \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he does some old dance called Funky Chicken. Too late for me, though \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  got to work at dawn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, we\u8217\'92ll be back in a few days,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Maybe then. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The restaurant was only ten minutes away. Minh wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t kidding, the food was great. You could get good bon me in Boston, but not with stir-fried pastrami, smoked with jerked spice. The Cubano was a treat \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Kayam\u8217\'92s version was more Cairo than Cubano and Lina was going give him a good ribbing when they went back home. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Back at the seaport, things were in full swing now as the workday was well under way. Electric motorbikes weaved between big trucks, all carrying food, appliances, clothes and people to islands near and far. They found their way to the power station boat, an old converted dredging barge. A couple of dozen people were onboard, milling about. A middle-aged man jumped up on top of the cabin in the middle of the boat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hello, I\u8217\'92m Bob Magnuson, project coordinator for the Miami Terrace Dynamic Tidal Power Station construction project, which means I make the coffee and pay the bills. I want to thank you all for coming. For the next three days, you will be living on small artificial island about 15 kilometers from here. The island will become actually part of the power station, but for now, it\u8217\'92s where you\u8217\'92ll bunk while we work. On behalf of the whole team, I want to thank you all for volunteering. On the way out, I\u8217\'92ll talk with each of you and we\u8217\'92ll figure out what you\u8217\'92re going to each do. So settle in and enjoy the ride \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it\u8217\'92ll be about an hour from here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There were no deck chairs or benches, so Raefe and Lina propped their packs against the railing running around the edge of the boat. and sat down. Once the barge got under way, there was a pleasant breeze. The water was calm, the sun was shining and Raefe was looking forward to getting out in the water.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I\u8217\'92m Tina, I work with Bob. You are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Lina, he\u8217\'92s Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, welcome. And thanks for coming down. Have you done this before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Raefe. \u8220\'93I worked on a windfarm up in Vermont last year, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was raised on the Indian Ocean,\u8221\'94 said Lina. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never built a dam, but I\u8217\'92ve worked on fish farms. You go down and get the fish out of their cages, or put fry in them, or whatever needs doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 Tina said. \u8220\'93You wont\u8217\'92 be diving much out here, though. The actual construction work is pretty trick, and we have trained construction workers working out there. You\u8217\'92ll mostly be helping them \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  passing supplies, taking away scrap, and so on. It might not seem like much, but those guys can go twice as fast because you\u8217\'92re helping them. And if it wasn\u8217\'92t for that, the project would be too expensive to get funded. So you\u8217\'92re making the Miami Terra Dynamic Tidal Power Station possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly does all that mean \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Miami Terrace, Dynamic Tidal Power?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Miami Terrace is an ocean plateau about 15 clicks out. There\u8217\'92s a long reef that extends up from the bottom for many kilometers along the terrace, which is actually pretty deep. The reef died in the tidal wave in 2041. So much debris piled up on it that it choked, basically. But the good news is that it forms a very solid foundation for the DPT, the power station. We\u8217\'92re building what\u8217\'92s essentially a dam, about 30 kilometers long, pointing sort of northeast out into the ocean. When the tides go in and out, they\u8217\'92re different heights on either side of the dam. There\u8217\'92s machinery inside the dam that let\u8217\'92s the high side flow to the low side, and that flow powers turbines which turn generators.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So it\u8217\'92s just sitting out there in the ocean, unattached to the land? I was picturing something in a little bay, with the tide going in and out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That wouldn\u8217\'92t work here, so no, it\u8217\'92s not attached to the land. We\u8217\'92ll be out there for three days, off the grid basically.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I like the sound of that,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93My Voice never shut up the whole train ride down \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  bad news, bad music, cheesy and one million ads. I refused to even turn my glasses puter on \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  if I see one more cheesy Grandpa Mumford video, I\u8217\'92ll recycle breakfast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No worries there,\u8221\'94 Tina laughed. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all live and in person on this rig. Hey, you look beat from the trip \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  catch some sleep if you can, because we start right away in about 45 minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The afternoon had gone well. Around 6, some of the construction workers grabbed spear fishing rigs and brought back some grouper and snapper. They were all gathered on a 2 meter-wide concrete wall about 3 meters off the water, extending hundreds of meters in both directions. Where they were, the wall passed through a turret, a circular platform about 10 meters wide and 20 meters long. This was their \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93island.\u8221\'94 Poles on on the outside of the walls extended upward, supporting a kind of open-sided tent. It would protect them from sun and rain, but not wind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Sun, sea and work  had made them all famished. They had cooked the fish on some gas grills and practically inhaled it. Some of the team had formed a half-assed drumming circle, banging not quite in rhythm on a bunch of empty metal containers. Raefe and Lina drifted toward the other end of the turret, facing out to the open ocean.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This was a good idea,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Thanks for making me come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t remember making you,\u8221\'94 Lina said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, but I didn\u8217\'92t really want to go. My headaches often get worse in unfamiliar surroundings, and it makes me shy away from leaving the nest. But this is not only beautiful, but authentic. Is this our thing \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  cleaning up the mess?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, maybe. I mean, we\u8217\'92d probably both do this kind of thing on our own, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right, cause that\u8217\'92s how we met. Everyone accepts that we\u8217\'92re stuck with the Slide, that it\u8217\'92s just our bad luck. But I like that we can at least undo some of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that how you see this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess. Why did you want to do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Free digs for a week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No saving the world for you, eh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Saving the world, let me see,\u8221\'94 Lina paused, looking out to see. \u8220\'93Saving the world to me means surviving and thriving. The Slide done slid all over people like me. I look for ways to fight back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They were lying on their backs, staring up at the night sky.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know what\u8217\'92s best about the ocean at night?\u8221\'94 Lina asked. :Look up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. I\u8217\'92ve never seen so many stars.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In Efricar, my dad\u8217\'92s project was far from the city and it was like this every night. I miss it \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the vastness of the sky, the richness of it. Long ago, everyone saw the night sky like this, before pollution and electricity. You can just imagine a couple of fishermen or shepherds sitting out like this a thousand years ago and making up stories about the stars, just to pass the time. No vids, no Voice, just their imagination.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I never thought of that. We can\u8217\'92t even start to imagine something without thinking \u8216\'91that reminds me of\u8217\'92 some sooty vid hyping some crap product.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They lay on their backs for awhile watching the stars, squealing over an occasional meteorite, hoping no one saw them steal an occasional kiss or caress. Despite their best intentions, they were drifting off to sleep, exhausted from the day.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that,\u8221\'94 Lina bolted upright. \u8220\'93Can you hear that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds like motor boats. Let\u8217\'92s go find the others and see what\u8217\'92s up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They ran down to the other end. The boats were louder now. There were a lot of them. Bob had some binoculars out. Tina was talking on an emergency radio. She whispered something to Bob.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can see the boats!\u8221\'94 Raefe yelled. \u8220\'93Over there \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  there\u8217\'92s a whole fleet of those speed boats, and they\u8217\'92re coming this way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are we safe?\u8221\'94 one of the volunteers yelled. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not thieves or anything are they?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no,\u8221\'94 Bob answered. He looked stunned. \u8220\'93Tina\u8217\'92s been on the radio. Something terrible has happened. Please, everyone, gather round.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All Raefe could hear was the distant motor boats and his own breathing, which seemed too loud to him. He put his arm around Lina, waiting for Bob to continue. Everyone was here now.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As you all know, we\u8217\'92ve been off the grid since leaving port this morning around 9. As it turns out, around that time, the largest remaining ice shelf in Antarctica unexpectedly fell into the sea. This is a piece of ice about kilometer thick and about the size of France.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Several people gasped.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does it mean?\u8221\'94 Raefe yelled out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93By itself, it wouldn\u8217\'92t be anything good. But to make matters worse, this ice shelf was apparently holding back hundreds of miles of mainland ice on the continent. Freed of the ice dam in front of them, they are also headed for the Southern Ocean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some people started sobbing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Some of you understand what this means. For the rest, I am very sorry to tell you. The ice shelf has spawned an enormous tidal wave, running at around 1,000 kilometers per hour, headed toward the east coast of the United States. Parts of it have already washed over eastern Brazil. The boats you hear are people from all over the Caribbean who were caught out at sea, trying to reach the mainland United States in the hope that they can get far enough inland before the tidal wave hits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going to happen to us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In about an hour, the tidal wave will reach us. It will only be about a meter or two high. Some of it will go around the wall, some of it through the openings in it that would be handling the tidal flow. The wall will be destroyed, all though maybe small pillars of it will survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How long can we survive out here?\u8221\'94 one of the the volunteers asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve made this very clear to you. Minutes after it passes us, the wave will enter shallower waters and it will pile up. By the time it reaches shore, a wall of water 50-80 meters high will hit the East Coast at hundreds of kilometers an hour. Most likely, anyone within 50 clicks of the shore will perish. But by tomorrow, a whole series of even bigger waves will likely reach this area as the main ice streams fall into the Southern Ocean. By this time tomorrow, the Atlantic ocean will have risen permanently by nearly 100 meters. We will not survive that, and even if we did, there will be no one for thousands of miles to come get us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}