{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Out for a walk}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 April, 2020}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i1
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, old man, want to go for a walk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe laughed. Tosh always liked to tease him. Sometimes people looked sideways at him for it, but Raefe appreciated it, actually. Took the Saint Raefe pressure off him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Where did you have in mind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I heard New Kendall made their first delivery to the bus yard. I was thinking of walking up there, no bikes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 So they went up Mass Ave. Spring had arrived full on, the leaves now hiding some of the crumbling buildings. In the winter, it could look mighty grim \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  acres of decay. Now at least there was the perennial carnival of green to interrupt that.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think the trees are laughing at us?\u8221\'94 Tosh asked. \u8220\'93Being a tree here is a pretty good deal, eh? No more cruel winters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but they hate the storms,\u8221\'94 Raefe countered.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You can tangle with them?\u8221\'94 Tosh kidded him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94 Raefe replied, giving it right back.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The son of Alton Winchester, master of sustainable agriculture? Are you kidding? When I was small, sometimes I had to ask the plants to let my dad know I was around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe smiled. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92d be proud of you, that I know. He was a good man. If anyone had been able to tangle with plants, it would have been him. I don\u8217\'92t know if Everywhere would have happened without him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could feel Tosh\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s unspoken thought: it was a lot to live up to. And he had, when Raefe thought about it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And I don\u8217\'92t know where Cambridge would be without you, Tosh. You\u8217\'92ve become such a force for good in the community.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Tosh said nothing, but he smiled, and Raefe could feel that he took the compliment. They had arrived at the bus yard. Raefe saw Pedro and waved. He was standing next to a large collection of pallets, loaded down with all sorts of stuff. From a distance it looked like a junkyard on skids.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I got to hand it to you,\u8221\'94 Pedro said. \u8220\'93The New Kendall crowd did actually deliver.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Anything useful?\u8221\'94 Tosh asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, yeah,\u8221\'94 Pedro said. \u8220\'93Might not look it, but we made sure. Right here is a lot of building materials \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  brick, some wood, some metal roofing. On the other side, there\u8217\'92s actually some furniture. Chairs, tables, stuff like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What can you do with it?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked Pedro.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We can build some shelters, repair some houses. Maybe enough for 200 people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s great,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Could you use more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely,\u8221\'94 Pedro said. \u8220\'93Hit me with another load like this, I\u8217\'92d say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s in their interest, too,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93Keeps us on this side of the river longer. I\u8217\'92ll put the word out. They\u8217\'92re still tearing down in Boston, so they\u8217\'92ll have more. Three months good?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, take us that long to deal with this load.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe could feel Pedro was feeling good about it, no longer consumed by thoughts of hitting back. Not that far from the surface, though, so he and Tosh would have to try hard to keep things going.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 Pedro said. \u8220\'93Ines wanted me to give you this. Somebody found it down near the Mass Ave bridge a couple of weeks ago. Seems like a kid over in New Kendall threw it over the river.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe took a bottle from him. Inside was a letter. He unfolded it and read it, Tosh looking over his shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 To the people south of the river:}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 I want to tell you how sorry some of us up here are about the people that got killed in the flood. I was there and I saw it go down. They made us kids in high school be lookouts at the checkpoints. We saw the Secs shooting. It was horrible and wrong! You should just know that we don\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t all hate you. The people who run this town are sick and I\u8217\'92m sick of them. I\u8217\'92m leaving and other young people are too. I wish I could help more, but I don\u8217\'92t know how. I\u8217\'92ve decided to go to one of the model farms in Canada. Maybe they have the right idea \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4  make a world everyone can live in. Maybe that can make up for what happened here. We have to make a better future!\line Yours,}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Sad, frustrated, angry but hopeful}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93I want to smile and cry at the same time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, lot of that going around,\u8221\'94 Pedro said. \u8220\'93But Ines wanted you to see it. And she won\u8217\'92t say it, but I will: you were right about not killing them. And she knows that now. She probably knew it then but didn\u8217\'92t want to admit it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And Pedro turned and went back to unloading the pallets. Raefe knew that had cost Pedro something and just said \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good luck with this. See you around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He and Tosh walked back down to Porter Square, enjoying the trees, the walk, and their small victory. It occurred to Raefe that Tosh probably had already known about the bottle and that Pedro was placated by the deliveries but had let Raefe find it out first hand to cheer him up. Who\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s leading who now, he smiled to himself. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked he thought of the young woman who had reached out to him that day in New Kendall. Was she who had written the letter? Offhand, he couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t sense her. Had she already gone to Canada? And where? There were so many places where people were settling the newly warm tundra up there. Would it live up to her hopes?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So many young people are drawn to these experiments,\u8221\'94 Tosh said, reading him. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s their generation\u8217\'92s chance, I think. To get out of this mess, to have a fresh start, with a clean slate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How much do you know about these farms?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not too much,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93They keep a low profile. They\u8217\'92re not even all farms, really. Some do aquaculture. Some do radical chemical engineering, even. Instead of mining or drilling for oil, like in the old days, they turn carbon dioxide or methane into building materials, or fuel cells. Drawing down greenhouse gases, locking them into useful stuff using solar energy. Nothing new there, but they specialize in doing it on a small scale, with cheap and dirty materials.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Like your dad,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93He was the one who got everyone started on that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93For sure,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93But he didn\u8217\'92t know you could do it without plants, just engineering bacteria. Even with all the chaos, little groups of scientists kept at it and then they went off the grid with it after 2082. They didn\u8217\'92t trust their corporate sponsors anymore \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  after all, another Billy Warren was sure to come along. And Robertson survived the whole thing, obviously. They went rogue and now there\u8217\'92s this whole subculture of sustainable biohackers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Which a lot of people are still suspicious of,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93For good reason,\u8221\'94 Tosh said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t mess with Mother Nature and all of that. But this crowd is different. They look deeply into how the natural world works. They go slow and they don\u8217\'92t care about profit. And when they screw up, they change course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I bet Des knows all about this, Raefe thought to himself. My engineering genius son \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  how did that happen? He realized he didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t even know what it was that Des was up to at the moment. He\u8217\'92d have to investigate.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 When they got back to Porter Square, he begged off the rest of the day and went home. The walk had left him tired and that was a good excuse to leave. He had other things on his mind and he wanted to find Lina before she went to sleep. He climbed the stairs of his apartment building to the roof. He liked to come up here at nights to watch the stars some nights. Since city had shrunk, it had also gotten darker and when the moon was absent, you could almost see the Milky Way. Sometimes he liked to imagine that he could see Traveller\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s Perch. But today it was a nice spring afternoon, already warming into the 70s with a gentle breeze. It seemed he couldn\u8217\'92t get enough of the trees today. From six stories up, much of surrounding land was hidden by the blooming canopy. It wasn\u8217\'92t the forest, but at least he couldn\u8217\'92t see all the daily reminders of how far the city had fallen.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He calmed himself and let Lina find him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hello, my love. Have I caught you at a good time?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93The night is just coming on. And how are you, my love?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good, I think. New Kendall made good on their promises, some of their youth are rebelling and leaving, and the Norcambs have decided maybe it was right to turn away from revenge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That is good to hear. You really sounded up against it a couple of weeks ago. Are you feeling more settled now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I think I\u8217\'92m feeling clearer. Maybe not more settled. Maybe that was my problem, Lina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How can we be \u8216\'91settled\u8217\'92 in this world? It is constantly changing \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the weather, the sea, the rivers, the plants \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  and it will keep changing for many generations. I wanted to be settled, I wanted to rest. But I don\u8217\'92t think it is to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Raefe, you are 71. It is OK to rest. You are not the last person alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, you are right. And I was realizing that today. I was realizing that Tosh has grown into a middle-aged man of great insight and skill. He has become a leader, at least here. People see me as the leader and him as the helper, but I think the truth is the other way around. I bless his ideas and people listen. But I see that he also can persuade, that his empathic skills have blossomed, and that he is ready to take over my role, at least here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it\u8217\'92s a comfort to see the next generation bloom. But I sense there is more on your mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. A kid from New Kendall left a note for the Norcambs. They wanted to apologize for the shootings. They were there, apparently, and were horrified. And then they said something that really made an impression on me. It was }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92ve decided to go to one of the model farms in Canada. Maybe they have the right idea \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4  make a world everyone can live in. }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And then }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 We have to make a better future.\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Well, that is hopeful. Too bad they left.\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I thought that, too. But then it struck me, no, good that they left. Because they left to do something, to be somewhere where they could change things. Like we had to go to Dadaab, they had to go north.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 he said and told her about the girl, Nila, he had tangled with in New Kendall. \u8220\'93I will try to find her in the waveform and encourage her. And thank her \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  the note changed minds in Norcamb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s not enough. You know why I\u8217\'92m stuck?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I think you are going to tell me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92ve stuck myself on this patch of land because it once was my home and I\u8217\'92ve been staring it down now for years, daring it to live up to my hopes. And that was unreasonable. The people here have their own struggles and they will find their way in time, but in their time. You know, I heard from our friend from far away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No! The birds or the fish?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled. She always thought of them that way. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The bird from Mars. And she said something truly wise, as is their way. That our lives are so short. Do you know her partner is 1,200 years old? She says that she didn\u8217\'92t understand how much that shapes us, that we can never expect to see the fruits of our efforts fully realized. I don\u8217\'92t mean you and me, I mean all people. It\u8217\'92s just who we are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How strange after all these years! But I could have told you that we are only mortal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, I know that. But it made me realize that my dream of a wave of empaths changing the world is a long-term dream. Not even Mari or Des will see it or even the generation after them. And I stuck myself here as if I couldn\u8217\'92t leave for a minute or I might miss the wave. And now rebel kids from all over are building new lives in new places and tangling is just a small part of it. What we set in motion will live long after us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And that is great, is it not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it\u8217\'92s fantastic. It\u8217\'92s the answer, or the beginnings of one. Or many answers. I don\u8217\'92t know. But I want to find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, that\u8217\'92s what I was sensing. You are going to go walkabout, aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, now that you say it, yes. I\u8217\'92m going to see for myself some of these experiments, these fresh ideas. And just so you don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve completely lost it, I think you\u8217\'92ll agree that we always find that when people pull together and can realize these sorts of projects, their empathy also blooms. So I can look and learn, but I can also teach them about tangling, if they don\u8217\'92t already know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I agree. I\u8217\'92m so happy that you\u8217\'92ve decided this. You know we\u8217\'92ll all support you however you need it. If you want, I\u8217\'92ll come join you. I\u8217\'92ve my own Toshes over here who are also ready if the old lady would just get out of the way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That would be wonderful. But let me spend a few months exploring. When I find a place that makes sense, you can sail over and we can be together again. Or if not, we\u8217\'92ll wander together. But I need to walk on my own for just a bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, take good shoes,\u8221\'94 she said, and he could feel her laughter. It had been awhile.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Are the stars out yet?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, not just yet,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Later, I will blow a kiss to your far off friend when I see her home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And now I do that for you, my love. I will find you soon. Be well until then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He was excited, he realized. For the first time in a long time, he would be doing something new, something promising. He started making a mental list of all the things he needed to do, the people that he needed to talk to, before setting off. And then he had a thought. He reached out into the waveform and found her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I just wanted you to know,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93that I\u8217\'92m going to be gone for awhile. Maybe it was our little talk, maybe it was some of the things going on here. But I\u8217\'92m going to try something new.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds like good news,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93What will you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I want to find young people who may not be walking my path, but are already building a new kind of world. I\u8217\'92m sure you know that here on Earth, the northern latitudes have been cold and barely settled for thousands of years. And now in some places the climate is quite moderate, the permanent snow and ice gone, and huge tracts of fertile land are exposed. Young people who have flocked to these areas, building new kinds of farms, factories, houses and so on. I want to meet them and learn from them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What do you hope will happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, but I think I\u8217\'92ve just been stuck here, banging my head against a wall. I\u8217\'92ve alway known that empathy alone would not change the world. But in the beginning, I was so worried that the climate crisis would  lead us to tear ourselves apart and that empathy would at least stop that. And I think it did, to a degree. But now we must also think about what\u8217\'92s next. Maybe things don\u8217\'92t move in simple straight lines. I feel deep down that these kids are doing something important. And that maybe it\u8217\'92s people like that who will be the carriers of empathy now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve had so many attempts like that \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Everywhere, of course, but also all those groups that came to Dadaab.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and the ones that actually built communities \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Dadaab, the Rising Tide, there were others \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  they\u8217\'92re still here and they\u8217\'92ve had an impact. So I think that maybe empathy can\u8217\'92t just rest at understanding. It has to be transformative, not just of our hearts and souls, but of the physical world, too. Otherwise, it all just gets worn down by the usual frictions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I admit, I am surprised. You seemed exhausted. And now you want to make this journey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I surprise myself, to be honest. Maybe I\u8217\'92m just a foolish old man. But I\u8217\'92m not going to sit around here for the next 10 or 20 years until I die, whining about how little effect I\u8217\'92m having or pining for the old days with the Urban Gypsies. It\u8217\'92s time to admit that the torch has been passed, and to see what light it brings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They talked for awhile longer, Diver remembering that she still knew very little about humans, Raefe wanting her to feel that she was not wrong to help them. The years had put distance between them, but now he was remembering her strength and wisdom and how good it felt to have her on his side. On humanity\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s side, really.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}