{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "Ya-hoo," yelled Bobby, hanging out the window of his new yellow Camaro as he raced it down the dirt road. At the edge of the field he skidded the car to a stop in a swirl of dust. It\'92s a great day, he thought. \
"What the hell, Bobby? You're the yahoo," said David, Bobby\'92s brother-in-law, choking on the air thick with dirt. \
Bobby jumped out of the car. "Well, whatcha think?" he asked as he shuffled around the car with his arms out, Vanna-White-style, showing-off the grand prize. \
"Shit-head. You can\'92t afford this." \
 Bobby got in David\'92s face. "I sure can. But you can\'92t. So, I guess that makes you the shit-head. Ha!" He nudged David with the tips of his fingers. \
"Get out of my face." David pushed back harder. Bobby backed off.\
"Come on, Davie. Don\'92t be like that." Bobby had called him Davie since they were kids. He was the only one who got away with it, but not if said outside of family, and Bobby had the scar to prove it. \
"Better not let Susan see that thing," David said.\
"What she gonna do about it, anyway?" Bobby puffed his chest out. "Not sure why I put up with her shit. One of these days I\'92m going to give my sister a piece of my mind." Bobby pulled a rag from his back pocket and dusted the chrome fender. "I need to take a page from my daddy\'92s playbook, like you, and put her in her place." \
 David just laughed at him and turned back to pulling out the oil pan on the tractor.\
"You hear about what happened at Jeb's yesterday?" asked Bobby. \
David didn't look up. "Someone stealing, I heard. Was it Suzie?" \
"Suzie? No. It was my boss's son--a stupid redheaded Mexican. His Pa's got serious juice. Jeb just let him walk and with an extra six pack to boot."\
David stopped his work and eyed Bobby's car. "You got that by digging for that same boss? The thing you told me about before?" David asked.\
"That\'92s right, I took\'96\'96
\f1\i ini-tia-tive.
\f0\i0 " All proud because he got hired before David and without his help. \
"And THAT, you better 
\f1\i never
\f0\i0  let Susan find out about. One more strike and you\'92re out. With her, and the law." \
"Yeah, yeah, whatever. She don't own me." Bobby slipped in next to David and took over the mechanic work. "You don\'92t know shit about engines." \
The two men worked side by side, the morning sun beating down, sweat dripping from their foreheads. They stood on the land once owned for two generations by Bobby and Susan\'92s parents; the tractor was almost as old. It should all have been Bobby\'92s when their daddy died, but Bobby was in jail for breaking and entering. He had been a person-of-interest in a still open murder case but they didn't have enough evidence for the murder but turned up the theft during the investigation. He had stolen car parts out of a junk yard for an old clunker he\'92d won in a back alley craps game. He was fixing it up, seeing how that was the only way he\'92d ever have a car. His daddy, who called Bobby 'Raca' from the bible meaning 'foolish', beat him stupid for getting caught, yelling at him that only idiots steal from junk yards. "Smart folk steal electronics, jewelry, or other high-end crap that you can sell for real cash," his pa yelled. \
In prison, Bobby took to new skills. Ones that kept him safe and in cigarettes. He got beat up more times than he could count. Everything he learned in prison prepared him for his new employer. Real cash\'96\'96Bobby never forgot that lesson. \
"I know I\'92ve asked you..." Bobby started. \
"Several times, in fact," interrupted David.\
"Yea, but things are worse now. The rain never stayed away this long. Back then you might have salvaged some of the crop, but now," they both looked over dry useless field, "there ain\'92t nothing." Bobby silently resented David for getting the family farm, but looking over this cemetery of a farm, he felt he got the better end of the deal. \
"Why so intent on me joining you?" David said.\
"Money brother. What else? You it." Bobby gloated, not often able to one-up David. "And the only reason you\'92re not jumping-in is because I did it first." \
"And..." David raised one eyebrow examining Bobby. \
"And, eh, well, I do get a small bonus for bringing in someone like you," he blurted in one breath. \
"And there it is," David said turning back to his tinkering on the tractor. \
"Now come on, Davie. Both can be true. You 
\f1\i do
\f0\i0  need the money, and so what if I get a buck-fifty from it." \
"A hundred and fifty dollars? Just for bringing me on?" \
"Yep." Bobby\'92s confidence swelled. "And that's nothing compared to the nightly take." \
"Okay, I'll bite. How much?" \
"Five hundred bucks a night." Bobby waited for David\'92s reaction. \
"Fuck me." David shook his head. "But once you start, there ain\'92t no turning back." \
"And that's to start." Bobby pressed, determined to get him to listen. "Work five to six hours a night. Work as many nights you want, and when you build up nights, your pay goes up. And that doesn\'92t count the extra bonuses for 
\f1\i re-crui-ting
\f0\i0 ," Bobby exaggerated each syllable making it sound like some highfalutin word, "and other stuff like extra feet through, handling explosives
\fs20 --
\fs24 that kind of stuff. I don\'92t understand it all yet, but I do understand the money!" \
"God." David said under his breath. "$500 a night." He wiped the wrench with a dirty rag. \
"And besides, your pig-headedness ain\'92t going change anything. They\'92re here and they\'92re staying, with more on the way. With more work after this. Might as well join them now," Bobby let it sink-in. "You never wanted to be a farmer. Think of it, you can get out from under the debt, and do what 
\f1\i you
\f0\i0  want to do, not what my daddy forced on you." Bobby threw the rag down and ran his fingers through his hair. He took a deep breath and started again. "Think of it this way, God\'92s handing you this op-por-tun-nity. Wouldn\'92t be right to say no to God, now would it?"\
David scoffed and continued to assist Bobby with the tractor. \
"There. Done," Bobby said as he tightened the last bolt. They both stood and admired their work. "You know this thing won\'92t last another season. Even I can\'92t fix it much longer. Too much duct tape and bailing wire." Bobby tossed his wrench into the tool box.\
David frowned and gazed out across the barren field. }