{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Becoming Lina}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 March 5, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tomorrow will be one week, Lina, thought. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll have to give Edna my answer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For six days, they had walked north and west through the Kenyan brush. The farther they went from the coast, the land became drier, the plants shorter and sparser, and the noise of birds and insects gradually shrunk from a symphony to quiet conversations. It was the same with people \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  villages gave way to smaller villages, and eventually just to goatherder\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s huts. Hours could go by without them seeing any sign of other people.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With no distractions, and surrounded by hundreds of Nowhere people, she had used her newfound empathic abilities to tune into their feelings. At first, it was chaos \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the people spoke more than a dozen different languages, and so their thoughts came to her as a kind of linguistic gumbo. As the days wore on, though, she learned to hear past the literal words and by now she was hearing their thoughts in her own Swahili, but subtly altered for each individual. This morning, she could feel a weariness beginning to set in. The land had become drier and flatter. They had to hue to the forests to remain unseen, the trees dividing their ranks into many small braids. The adults grew more wary, constantly scanning for hyenas or other animals that might try and pick off small children if they wandered away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Today I am not the only one tired of walking,\u8221\'94 Lina said to Edna.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid you are right,\u8221\'94 Edna smiled. \u8220\'93But we are close now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see in the distance over there, the woods?\u8221\'94 Edna asked. \u8220\'93We will be there soon, and then we will stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93New Dabaab. But then, you probably don\u8217\'92t know what old Dabaab was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You mean where the Saudi Air Force bombed the Islamic State in \u8216\'9139?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, the very same. You were just born then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but my mother had family that were caught up in that. They were all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry. Dabaab had a long history before that, and it was even then, more than the last hideout for Islamic State. If you had come here 40 years ago, you would have seen a tent city of more than 300,000 people. Refugees from this war and that. That\u8217\'92s how Islamic State came to be here. By the time they came here in \u8216\'9136, they had shrunk a great deal. But they were still armed, and they were able to take over the camps. The UN had run out of money and left the tents to the refugees, who made the best of it. By \u8216\'9139, there were still more than 50,000 people here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My relatives were probably some of those refugees. What happened to all of them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They were, in many ways, the first Citizens of Nowhere. The world heard that the bombings killed 11,000 Islamic State fighters, but there were barely 2,000 by then. The rest were just ordinary people, caught in the fighting. Killed for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nine thousand people, she thought. And no one really knew. One of the great slaughters of our time, and it never officially happened.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93With every day, I see more of what you mean by Nowhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It was an awakening for us. Then and there, we had to decide whether to live or become ghosts. We chose to be living ghosts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You were there?\u8221\'94 Lina asked, stunned.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was a young girl, still not a woman. Yet I became mother to those who had lost theirs. For a week, we lived in the midst of fire and smoke, like violent spirits that herded us into the middle of the camp. When the smoke went away, we thought we would smell the breeze again, the familiar smells of the bush and of the camp. But there was only death around us. When all you can see in every direction are the dead, their sight and smell become one horrible overwhelming sensation that you cannot escape. Even if you close your eyes, you still smell them so strongly it feels like you can see and touch them, all around you. Each time you breathe, you have left the world and are in hell.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In that time, I understood that I had died and had to will myself and those around me to be reborn. But not just to live as before. That just didn\u8217\'92t seem possible, to endure another hell like that a second time. At first, the imams and what was left of our village leaders tried to gather us for prayers and funerals. But the old rituals brought no comfort, no sense. Certain people wandered off and found each other, somehow, in a quiet bend in the river. They sent word and I came with other young people. We talked for days and in the end, we understood that Nowhere was now our home. Eventually, a few thousand of us joined this new country. We split up into different groups and dispersed to \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  to Kenya, to Nigeria, other places where we could quietly live unseen. And we come here when we lose that, to regroup and make plans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Memories of the Efricar civil war in her other life exploded from their hiding places. She had escaped the worst here in this world, but it was not far away. She let herself feel Edna\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s emotions. They were the same rage and deep sadness the rape and killing of her other life brought. But she could feel that Edna stood outside them now, in this place she called Nowhere.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please, include me in those plans. I will continue on this path with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think you have been on it for a long time, even before you met us. And what will we call you now, Citizen of Nowhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lina, call me Lina.\u8221\'94}}