{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 But raised with David/Pa more than her because of their abusive father. \
Bobby buys a Camaro with his drug money earning. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
Start with your character\'92s flaws and vulnerabilities. Ask yourself what will make them afraid or mean. What will make them strike out or run away? What would make even your nicest character hurt someone else? Where have they been hurt? How did they manage to hide or harden the wound? What happens when something rips away the protective covering of that injury?\
\
in first person from their viewpoint, as if they were writing their own diary. When beginning a character, I just write from that character\'92s viewpoint, but later when trying to understand motivation, I will give a question to write about, such as \'93Why did you kill Jake?\'94\
\
have your character write about his/her obsession. 	What do your characters want more than anything? What are their dreams? What are their terrors?  \
\
Next, ask why your character\'92s friends love her/him. Try freewriting from two or three different friends\'92 points of view. Then, write a conversation between two friends about your character. This allows you to see your characters as other characters view them, both positively and negatively. I guarantee that, if you do this right, you will surprise yourself with what you will learn about your characters.\
\
\
Bobby Talking \
Nothing comes easy for me. In fact, not much comes my way at all.  Sure I'm a good mechanic, but living here in farming country, farmer can't pay a lot for my services.  Besides, one day I'm going to make it rich.  I see those city boys, wearing suits and ties, driving fancy cars with a busty woman in the passenger seat.  I tried several things over the years, but nothing as panned out.  \
\
My daddy was mean, rotten to the core.  Beat me and my sister regular like.  I could get away with more than my sister Susan.  I hated my daddy but was good at pretending I liked him.  I knew how to get on his good side. But I still got my share of beatings.  He might have been mean, but he had one of the most productive farms in the area.  When he died, he up and gave the farm to my sister's husband, David.  That SOB didn't leave me a thing, 'cept his tools. Right there in his will, for everyone to hear, he said I was a lazy fuck and wouldn't never make anything of myself even if I tried.  The tools would allow me to make a living, if, as he stated, I ever got off my ass.  \
\
David and I have been friends since forever.  I spent more time at David's house than I ever spent at mine.  We were friends, but after he got the farm, I didn't look at him that way any more.  I resented him.  He'd tell you we were friends, but that's just cause I pretend well.  He only married my sister cause daddy promised him the farm if he did.  He didn't even like farming.  She had been dating Jeb, but daddy put a stop to that threatening to take all his business away, and promising David the farm.  Sure, David ran the farm for my daddy.  Hired the me during picking season, kept them in line, handled the money.  Sometimes I worked for him - got that? - I worked for him on my own daddy's land.  Humiliating.  He never gave my sister even as much as a second look, but jumped at the chance to marry her after being promised the land. \
\
Daddy didn't give him the house though, left that and two acres to Ma, with some money - just enough for her to drink herself to death three years later.  Turns out she sold the place to XXX before she died, so I got nothing from her either. \
\
So Susan, the bride, moved in with David into the Foreman's shack on the edge of the farm.  They called it a three bedroom house, but with only 1200 square feet, it wasn't much.  It was over 60 years old and looked older, never got much maintenance.  I'll never live like that. Trapped in a house the size of a shoe box, with the panel and roof falling down around you.  Makes me barf just thinking about it.  I'd rather sleep in my sleeping bag, under the star than live like that. \
\
\
I never saw it growing up, but turns out David was a mean as my daddy.  He took to carrying on the beatings with Susan and his kid Suzie.  Did even worse things to the kids. But he as alway good to me, until he took the farm - he didn't have to - he could have done the right thing and said, here Bobby, it's really your, you take it.  But no, he just took and and had the gaul to tell me I could work there anytime, and he pay me top dollar.  How gracious of him. The fuck.  \
\
I learned a lot from David.  He got me stated as a mechanic.  Said it was something I could do until I struck it rich.  He was always making fun of me.  But that didn't stop me from following him around like some sick puppy.  He arranged for my first lay, albeit he paid for it.  Said it was better that way. I had my first drink with him, and my first hangover (and many to follow). We stole together, we started brawls together, we did everything together.  He was like a brother to me, until he took the farm.\
\
One day, he'll get his comeuppins. And when that day comes I won't feel bad.  Maybe I'll even get the farm back. But by that time, I'll already be rich, and I can have them Mexicans do all the work. \
\
Lately I've been working for the Mexican Chinolas Cartel.  Now those guys know how to live.  And boy do they have money.  Some of the top guys are Mexican and some are white. So I figure, if I play my cards rights, I can charge right to the top and be one of them big wigs.  I'll get my own fancy car, and the women will flock around me. I won't need David, or the farm.  I'll be living large. \
\
\
\
}