{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The foreman stood on the porch of the motorhome, arms crossed. Bobby kept an eye on him as he got out of the car. The foreman scanned the crowd, searched each man's face before moving to the next. \
Bobby passed him, then glanced back to see the foreman glaring at Bobby.\
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 What's the big deal? Can't a guy take a night off?
\f0\i0  Bobby avoided eye contact with the bossman.\
"Think he noticed David's not here?" Bobby asked one of the guys who drove in with him. \
"Think your dick is big?" Laugher broke out all around Bobby. \
 "Yea, yea. Funny. So funny. None of you better miss a day. You'll see then how funny it is..." Bobby chatted non-stop to the surrounding men to ease his anxiety. \
At the end of the night, the men packed up their gear, and emerged from the mine when Bobby felt someone watching him. He looked up at a big man in a suit, with a gold tooth, and dreadlocks, his eyes set on Bobby. Lowering his head he quickened his pace, but was grabbed from behind. \
Gold-man slammed Bobby at the feet of Dignified-man. \
Bobby tried to scramble to his feet. Gold-man was there with a swift kick, followed by Dignified-man yanking Bobby up by his hair to within inches of Dignified-man's face, and jammed a gun under his chin. \
"You 
\f1\i vouched
\f0\i0  for him." Dignified-man had emphasized 'vouched' like a sacred blood oath. \
"I'm sure he'll be here tomorrow." Bobby blurted, hoping to buy time. \
Dignified-man pushed the gun in harder. "Consider yourself warned." \
The gun's muzzle pressed in hard enough to tilt Bobby's head back; the smell of vengeance bathed Dignified-man like a bad cologne. \
"Do you understand who I am\'96\'96" \
Gold-man bust into hysterics when he saw the dampness grow between Bobby's legs, causing Dignified-man to whisk the gun away from Bobby's chin, across Gold-man's jaw, and back again to Bobby. "Never interrupt me," threatened Dignified-man. \
Gold-man eyes lit up. His fists clenched for battle before a deep breath enabled him to calmed his shaking, but the hate in his eyes didn't quell. \
"Either David reports here in the next 48 hours," Dignified-man said to Bobby, "or there will be consequences, and you know what they are." \
"
\f1\i You
\f0\i0  have my sister." Bobby responded more as a statement than a question. \
"Forty-eight hours." Dignified-man lowered his gun from Bobby's chin only long enough to swipe it across his face. \
Scoffing, he pushed Bobby to the ground. "Let this be a lesson to you all," Dignified-man lectured the other men looking on. \
In one smooth motion, he ejected the chambered bullet and tossed it onto Bobby.\
\
}