{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ri-720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A little while later, the 'cane harvester got off. Their car was almost empty and they dozed on and off. Raefe slipped into a deep sleep, dreaming about being in Rio for Carnival.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was a long line of odd looking people, sambaing toward him. He danced down the line, shaking each person's hand, asking their name and where they were from. Olaf, the Viking pirate, Norumbega, dives for pearls, on down the line he went until he came to a woman who looked nothing like anyone he had ever met.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She was more than 2 meters tall, but there was something about the way her shoulders, hips and feet formed a long, sinuous arc that was as striking as her height. At first she looked white, but then he realized she had a faint violet glow about her, as if lit from within. She had long black hair, but it too had a faint purplish tinge. And her eyes could only be called fuchsia.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Who are you?" he asked her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm Aleron. I'm glad we are finally getting to meet, Raefe."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "How do you know my name?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I became interested in you some time ago, and I've been learning about you."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What? Why would be watching me?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Let's go sit over here." She waved toward a small grove, with a little curved bench big enough for the both of them. There was a slight breeze that kept the trees tilting this way and that in a quiet rustle. Overhead, the sky was blue with tufty cotton clouds. The Carnival music had disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She sat across from him and laid her hands on top of his. They seemed weightless yet warm. She closed her eyes and without thinking, so did he.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He felt as if the two of them were passing by each other, no more like through each other, as if they each were a school of fish swimming at right angles to each other without touching. Startled, he opened his eyes. She was smiling at him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "There, now we are more firmly linked," she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Linked to what?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "To each other."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He looked down. She wasn't touching him anymore but he still had that feeling.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You have many questions and some of the answers will be hard for you to understand or believe. So let me start with the biggest news. I am not human. Nor am I actually here. I live on a planet my kind call Anonto \endash  it means Red Flower in your language \endash \endash  around a star more than 20 light years from you."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "And you've travelled here to see me? Why"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "No, I have not travelled to your world. It would take many lifetimes to travel to your world. But like many other intelligent species, after thousands of years of watching the stars and trying to understand the universe, we have found ways to send signals vast distances through shortcuts in the universe. You call them wormholes. Unlike some of your more imaginative entertainment, living things, nor any other objects of any size, cannot go through wormholes. But energy \endash  information --  can."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So, you're just some kind of holo vid?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not exactly. Perhaps you will take a course in your school that goes deeper into physics and it will become easier for you to understand. But the basic idea is that when the big bang happened, what was once a mass of energy, all interacting in a single waveform, flew outward and cooled and separated into the universe we see. But subtle connections remain between matter that once was connected, subtle pathways for waves to form. Your physicists call this quantum entanglement, although they are far from understanding how it works. We have learned how to travel those pathways and strengthen them, even across wormholes. So right now, my brain and your brain are having a conversation over these many light years because we are entangled with each other."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "How did this happen? Did someone plant a chip in me?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. "No, you have a great gift. All living things sense entanglement to some degree \endash  we all have atoms and even smaller particles that condensed out of the primordial bang and this creates a very low level field that we mostly aren't aware of. You and I, and many, many others, somehow concentrate this entanglement more than our fellow beings. We are not sure why or how. But we know it's true and have been meeting living creatures throughout the galaxy this way for thousands of years. And before us, for more than a billion years, other creatures have been doing the same."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I don't know what to say. I don't feel particularly special. I'm just a kid who gets headaches, sometimes daydreams too much, and is struggling to get through college. Sometimes I feel like I want to do something big, but I don't think even I believe that I will, and I know no one else does. I'm one of those people other people say ''nice guy, not too ambitious, a little dreamy' about."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Your headaches and daydreams are a symptom of your gift, and of your inability to channel it. I will help you with that in time. As for the rest, I think you are going to do big things."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe felt like a guitar string that had been plucked and couldn't stop vibrating. Her words were like a song playing in his head. Did she feel his thoughts in the same way?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, that's exactly it," she smiled. "I do feel your thoughts that way. In time, it will seem unremarkable to you and you will begin to notice that from other people in your world, too. But now I have to tell you some hard things, and ask your help.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "There is a loose association of advanced lifeforms called Guardians who speak to each other across these wormhole links. I am one of them. I am working to nurse your species through its most dangerous epoch. You see it all around you \endash  your species has developed great destructive power. You could wipe yourself out in a day with nuclear weapons. Right now, you are wiping yourselves out with a slower destruction of your environment. You have learned a great deal about the natural world, and can manipulate it for both productive and destructive purposes. Yet you know very little, yet, about yourselves. About how your own minds work, and how to steer them to avoid these calamities."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Wow, you can say that again. That's all we seem to do \endash  mess things up and then talk about why and how. But we never seem to change much. What can we do?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I can't tell you that. Both because I don't know \endash  every species must find its own way \endash  and because Guardians have learned the hard way that accelerating your development through giving you extensive knowledge of discoveries you are millennia from reaching on your own never works. Ultimately, your knowledge of yourselves and the physical universe must develop in a new way, in a more linked way, which you will have to find on your own.""}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Seems kind of creepy, like you want me to join some kind of sleeper cell for aliens."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You will have to judge our motives and actions for yourself. But my goals isn't to have you carry out some plot. These People who are entanglers, they connect with other People in different ways. They sense different parts of what ultimately will be a solution for your species. My only goal is to connect you with each other, so that you can begin that work yourself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Can I tell anyone about you?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I would advise against it. I think you understand on a very basic level that if you discuss this with others, the issue will become your sanity, not the substance of what it is to be done. For others, the narrative will come too close to religion, and they will become passive, thinking that the Guardians will save them as some kind of gods. In billions of years, intelligent life has never found gods. If they exist, they hide well. Although we also still cannot explain some aspects of how the universe works, gods have little to do in our worldview. So you should probably think of me as a muse, a source of inspiration, that you meet in dreams."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Ah, so this is a dream?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, for now, that is how we will meet. But you will remember all of it. And now, I will show you how to deal with those headaches."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He felt a warmth, as if a tiny river of honey was flowing from one part of his head (or was it just his mind) to another. He understood that he could turn that flow on next time he felt that migraine-like headache, and it would soothe it. He smiled. This was going to be alright.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0}