{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe and Lina take the train back. The Snakeheads attack the train as part of their assault on Richmond. The snow sooners resist, a fight ensues, people are shot, they surrender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe and Lina are taken to a prisoner camp in the Virginia hills. Lina tells him about her rape \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  this whole thing is a bit of a flashback for her. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clear nothing good is going to happen to Lina here. Raefe feels hopeful, he\u8217\'92s not sure why, he focuses on that. Unknowingly, it helps Alton find him. This is all about the power of empathy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The NVA is a small group inspired by a very big group of the same name in Nigeria. There, they are a group trying to rebuild West Africa after combined eco disasters (oil spills) and decades of either corrupt government or Boko Haram. The NVA in the US has come to Richmond because the same corpos are behind attacks on the NVA in West Africa and the Snakeheads in the US \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Mobil Gulf and their subsidiary, United Energy Resources, the last of the Kochs. In W. Africa, they are fronting a new \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93moderate Sharia\u8221\'94 movement that seeks to keep the conservative view of Islam in power, essentially the same partnership between oil companies and Gulf monarchs that has always been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renegades are ecstatic \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Jeff Davis is their secret weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NVA rescues them. Raefe makes mental contact with Alton \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  he recreates the feeling Aleron had with him. He tells Alton some of what he is about. They agree to meet soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron visits him again and congratulates him on his emerging skills. She helps him understand what empathy is, and the potential social power in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They get back to Somerville. Kiki (K&K Deli) is squatting in their Tiny. Kayam has been arrested on trumped up charges because developers want to build in their neighborhood. She is homeless. They let her stay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe is visited by the Feds. He thinks they want to know about the Snakeheads, but really they want to know about the NVA.He finds he is able to learn much about them just by watching and listening \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  he is becoming very astute at reading people, again, sort of an enhanced empathy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe has missed so much school he has to drop out. He visits his parents to tell them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renegades are now quite upset that Raefe bested their guy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At this point, Raefe and Lina have to embark on some course of action. Aleron has to visit Raefe again. TBD.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}