{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 As Aiden zipped up the bag, he glanced around the garage. The yarn that hung on the wall harkened a happier time. A time when his Ma smiled and sang, when his Pa felt proud to own the Corner store, when Bee didn't exist, and Suzie was his. \
He froze. \
"What? What do you hear," Mrs. Jones whispered. \
"Shh." \
Like statues, they listened beyond the walls. Aiden moved to the window. He peered out just in time to see a young woman slip into the alley. "I think it was Suzie," said Aiden. \
"Are you sure?" Mrs. Jones said stepping behind him. \
"Yea, pretty sure." \
"What was she doing here?" \
"The better question is, what did she hear?" said Aiden. \
They looked around at the papers before them, and the bag of money that had been open and visible. \
"We've got to assume she saw all this, and heard something," Mrs. Jones said. "Maybe you should tell your handler." \
"Yea, maybe." \
"No maybe about it. We don't know who all is involved yet. Street cops, business owners, Priests, for christ's sake, city council members, heck maybe even the Mayor might be involved. If she says something to the wrong person...I don't want to even think about." \
"Yeah. I know," Aiden reached for the canvas bag with the brief case in the other hand. "I've got to go. Would you put all this away? Lock up when you leave, OK? Can't have anyone else stumbling on it." \
"Sure, I'll take care of it." Mrs. Jone tucked in her chin and raised her eyebrows. "And you talk to your boss." \
\
Aiden pulled in to the store parking lot at the same time as Mo drove-up in his fancy, gold, tricked-out truck. \
"Hey," grunted Mo. \
Aiden nodded.\
"Where have you been? You left camp almost two hours ago, and you're just now arriving?" said Mo.\
"You do realized we are right in the middle of town. Me driving up that early would raise suspicions. What am I gonna tell Jerry when he steps out of his bakery to see if anything is wrong, cause something must be wrong for me to arrive that early." \
"You tell him it's none of his damn business," said Mo, his gold tooth sparkling in the morning sun. \
"Boy, Mo, you really know how to win friends," Aiden collected the canvas bag and brief case. He kicked his door shut. \
Mo grabbed the bag away from Aiden. "It better all be here." \
"Right, like I'm going to steal from you, then bring you the very bag I stole from. Genius." Aiden shook his head and followed Mo through the store and into the back room where a man in a suit, this time and expensive one, stood over Aiden's Pa looking at paperwork on the desk. \
"I expected to see you here before I arrived," Mo's boss, Guga Guerrero who was better know as el Brutal Abogado or the Brutal Lawyer. Most just called him El Brutal, a moniker Guga was proud of. \
 "When are you going to learn that button down shirts and ties don't work in this heat, besides looking stupid," said Aiden. \
El Brutal's shoved a chair to the ground. "When are you going to learn respect," spit El Brutal. \
Aiden's Pa tried to get between El Brutal and Aiden, but Aiden held his arm out to stop him without losing eye contact with Guga. \
"Go ahead, hit me," Aiden taunted. \
"Aiden, don't," Jeb said under his breath. \
"You should listen to your Pa," said Guga. \
"You. Need. Us," Aiden said holding his stance. "We have to work for you, I get it. But we don't have to like you." \
In a flash, Brutal punched Aiden in the stomach. Aiden doubled over.\
"Im not here to be your friend, but you will respect me," said El Brutal. \
Jeb guided Aiden to a chair. "Yea, whatever," Aiden coughed out. \
"It's all here," Mo said nodding to El Brutal. \
"Good." \
"Now, let's get down to business. What news do you have for me from our friends in the FBI?" El Brutal asked Aiden. \
Aiden wanted to spit in his face, but his Pa's hand touching his forearm stopped him. "They are still trying to track the money, but have not had any success. They're focused on the Movie Theatre. The FBI thinks that might be your money laundering operation. They have no inkling of this store, or the tunnel," Aiden spewed the words like venom. \
"Ha, so our ruse worked. They can look at the Movie Theatre all they want, it's legit." El Brutal slapped the table in celebration.\
\
Later that afternoon, Aiden drove fifty miles outside of town to Sierra Vista to the University of Arizona, Sierra Vista branch where he had graduated. He didn't go an an alumni, but to meet his boss.\
The back wall, in the basement of the campus library, was lined with small 5x5 offices for students to concentrate on their thesis research. Aiden entered cubical in the far back corner. Special Agent Mark Delacroix was already there.\
"I think he bought it," said Aiden skipping the pleasantries. \
"Tell me more," said Agent Delacroix. \
Aiden told the agent about the morning visits to the motor home, and his subsequent interaction with Guga Guerrero in the store, but failed to mention his intermediate stop at the garage and conversation with Mrs. Jones. \
"So he's convinced we are serious about the movie theatre?" \
"Appears so," Aiden said. \
"You seem distracted, what's up," said the agent. \
 Helping his Pa get out from under the thumb of the Cartel's money laundering operation was what got him in bed with the FBI. They had agreed to give his Pa immunity if Aiden infiltrated the Cartel's Jackson operation and fed misinformation to them, and told the FBI anything he had heard or saw that might help their, now five year, investigation. He didn't want to do anything to hinder that agreement but also didn't want to do anything that might hurt Suzie's Ma. \
"Nothing. Just a lot going on." Aiden had no proof the Cartel had Suzie's Ma. "I delivered $750k to Guerrero at the store. I think it was a test though," said Aiden.\
"How so?" \
"Well, El Brutal himself handed me the money in the motor home at the mine after Mo had counted it. I was told to take it to the store. But when I got there I handed it back to Mo, who counted it again and confirmed it was all there." Aiden looked up and to the left,"I think they were testing me." \
"Good. They're putting you through the paces," said the Agent nodding. \
"I also delivered a brief case full fake receipts, invoices, and register tapes." \
"Excellent. Were you able to take pictures?" \
"Right here." Aiden handed Delacroix an SD card. \
"Okay," the Agent cocked is head to the left,"anything else?" The agents stare caused Aiden to shift in his seat. Aiden shook his head. \
"Alright then. Let's meet again in a week. In the mean time, you know the signal spot if you need to get us any info, or if you need anything. When I see the mark, we will meet at 7:00 pm or 10:00 am whichever is sooner." \
"Yea sure, the bench in Courthouse park, under the olive tree."\
"Good," Agent Delacroix glancing around, "talk to only me, okay?"\
"What do you mean? Who else would I talk to?" Aiden asked. \
"I just want to be even more careful. I think we have a mole in the FBI." \
\
\
Aiden couldn't shake the feeling that Suzie was up to something. The whole way home, he thought about her outside the back door when Mo was there to share the new of the increased demands, and then again at his garage. He replayed the scene at her house, when she told him she believed the Cartel had her Ma and Bee, and that she was going after them. As he approached the store, a calming breeze settled him: he had decided.\
\
 \
\
 \
 }