{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I replayed the scene over and over while driving. My racing heart caused me to want to speed down the road, but I tempered myself. Last thing I needed was more attention. \
Was Aiden okay? Was Jeb? Did I kill Pa? What now? Aiden was right, we needed evidence. \
Evidence. \
I pulled over. Grabbed my backpack and snatched the papers I had taken from the safe inside the motorhome. Scanning each page, I flipped through the stack. Dates, times, locations, plans. What did it all mean? Was it enough? \
I needed help. But not the FBI. Not yet.\
News would soon reach the Cartel that Pa, Jeb, and Aiden had been shot, and in Jeb's store no less. If Pa wasn't dead, he would be soon. Main street would be crawling with cops, and maybe not the ones owned by the Cartel. El Brutal would steer clear of Jeb's until he had control of the scene with his people. \
I made a u-turn back to the store. Six blocks away, I drove into the alley and parked Aiden's truck. On a napkin, I wrote a note, then walked to the main street. I lingered around the corner with my head down and hoodie cloaking my face. A cartel look-out would be near, but I didn't expect Mo. My luck was changing. \
Mo's gold truck idled a couple of blocks from the police perimeter being formed. He was on his phone, waving his arms. His eyes focused on Jeb's store. I slid back to the alley and walked passed Mo's truck. I angled back to the main street and snuck up behind his truck. \
His arms were still waving, his voice angry.\
I crept up to his window. \
"What the hell?" Mo said dropping his phone. \
"I gotta message for your boss," I said, pressing the barrel of my pistol against his cheek. I dropped the napkin in his lap. \
"Now, unless you want this pristine truck of yours to look like Swiss cheese, you stay put." \
 I walked backwards until clear of the truck. As I turned, the truck door opened. I spun around and put three shots to his tailgate. \
"Damn you. You're dead," Mo said, pulling himself back into this truck and slamming the door. \
\
From Aiden's pickup, I called the FBI. "Agent Mark Delacroix, please. It's an emergency." They patched me through.\
"Delacroix here." \
"There's a body in a shack. Cartel\'92s work. Directions are on your phone. Key cartel members will be there soon to dispose of it." \
"Who is this?" \
"Don't go yourself, but send someone you trust, you have a mole. Go now." \
I hung up the phone. \
My stomach turned at my callousness. Using my Ma's death like that. But if it helped put an end to things, she\'92d be okay with it. \
Next, I called Mrs. Jones. \
\
"Suzie again?" said El Brutal, wondering if Mo had been drinking. \
"She dropped a note on my lap, and shot up my truck," said Mo. \
"Well?'\
"Well, three shots in my tailgate." \
"Not your damn truck, you idiot. The note?" said El Brutal. \
"It says, 'Your money is in the shack off old State Route 63, about three miles off the road."\
"Damn that girl," said El Brutal.\
"It's in the crawl space," continued Mo. \
"What are you waiting for? Go get it." }