{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My thoughts swirled downward, collided with sounds, divided and rolled in the smells; light turned dark and split with flashes of knowing, and then not knowing. Seeing Bee's battered body in the mirror, feeling her warmth, smelling her fear, loving her being\'96\'96was replaced by sadness and loss. Swirling, swirling, I sank into a deep black pit, filled with nothing but offered death.\uc0\u8232 	An alarm bell blared, poking a hole in the darkness. I woke to see medical angels of mercy hovered over a person in a bed next to mine. They pumped and poked, injected and zapped the body being held together by hospital sheets and plastic tubes. It arched and flopped down. \
Then silence. \
I knew that silence. The silence of a stillbirth, the silence of death. Chaos reigned as doctors shouted and nurses scurried about. \
Another shock.\
And nothing. \
The silence of death, was that Bee? I slipped back into my mind morphing memories where my face replaced Bee's. Where her soft sweetness melded into my hard tenacity. Her beauty enhanced my ruggedness. Her pain completed mine. Completed me.\
A door closing brought me back to consciousness. Through my drug induced state, a silhouette of a man approached me. His familiarity seeped in like sewage. \
I struggled to get out of the bed, but was caught by the IV line. As he placed his hand over my mouth, flashes of him on top of me flooded in. \
Pa. \
"Listen here, bitch. I want my money and drugs back. Now where are they?" \
Bee flashed before my eye the moment his voice hit my ears. Disdain dripped off his words. Bee left when Pa was gone\'97it hit me like one of Pa's punches. She protected me, I wasn't protecting her. I risked my life to save her, but all along I had to save myself. The fissure in my brain, ceased widening. Acceptance, the glue that could mend me. \
Muffled squealing sounds escaped through pressure of his hand, but no one heard. \
"Tell me or we'll both end up like Bobby. Now where are they?" He released his hand for me to speak while holding a knife at my neck. \
"What money?" I choked out. \
He pressed the knife closer in and replaced his hand over my mouth. \
"Don't play games with me. I know you dug up the graves. You ignored my warning, and how your Ma is dead. Now, where is it?" \
"Your warning?" 
\f1\i He left the note?
\f0\i0  \
A metal tray crashed on the hard linoleum floor outside my door. Pa spun his face to the doorway. All the while the sharp steel pinched my skin. Nurses came to help clean up the mishap behind the partially closed door to my room. Pa leaned down. The moisture of his harsh breath caressed my ear. \
"The money, or you." He slid the knife into his sleeve. \
I seized the opportunity. "Nurse! Nurse!" \
The door flew open. Pa lowered his face and rushed passed a nurse. \
"What the..." The nurse said, struggling to maintain her balance. "Are you alright?" \
"I am now. Thank you." \
She glanced back to the door, then turned back to me. She reviewed the IV line and checked the monitors. \
Aiden ran into the room. "Suzie. Thank god you're alright. Was that...?" Aiden leaned his head toward the door. \
I nodded yes. \
"You gave us quiet the scare, young lady. If it hadn't been for this young man..." Her voice trailed off as she smiled at me, and then at Aiden. "The doctor's on his way, but I'd say you're looking much better." \
"How'd I get here?" I asked. \
"I brought you in," said Aiden. \
"How?" \
"I tracked my ATV using its low-jack. I searched the area and found your backpack. You hid in the brush about 20 yards away." Aiden gently brushed my hair away from my eyes. \
The images of Pa on top of me, superimposed by the CC13 men congealed in my mind. My bloodied face, my ripped shirt, my bare legs. Aiden saw me like that. The need for Bee overwhelmed me. The taste of metal permeated my mouth. The smell of Pa sickened me. How could I have let that happen? I turned my head away from Aiden. \
"Now you just wait a minute here." The nurse's warm eyes saw me. "You have nothing to be ashamed of," said the nurse, caressing my cheek with the back of her hand. "Nothing, you hear me." \
Shame? Was this shame? I saw Bee standing in front of the mirror, with her thighs blotched with bruises. But the reflection was me. The look of sadness, resignation, acceptance. Was that shame? I had always thought she didn't talk to others out of shame, but it was my own shame that had created her.\
A man in a white coat came in the room. His blond hair framed his green eyes, his smile matched the warmth of the nurses. \
"I'm Doctor Gregory. Let me take a look at you." He directed a small flash light in and out of each eye, had me follow his finger, and gently touched my ribs. \
"Physically, you're doing fine. It's going to take a bit before the pain goes away, especially in those ribs, and you'll have quite the shiner for a while, but all in all, I'd say you're pretty lucky." His eyes closed as soon as the word lucky left his lips. He shook his head. \
"What he means," said the nurse, "is that you should be released soon. In the mean time, the police need to talk to you." \
Two women walked into the room. Aiden squeezed my hand a bit harder. When I looked at him he was staring at the woman with an almost shaved head, and a scare on her cheek.  \
"Suzie, I'm Detective Claire Navarro, but please call me Claire." Claire stood close to the bed, her eyes stayed glued to me. Not intense, but caring. "And this is Detective Justine Ruiz." The second woman nodded her head and maintained her distance behind Claire. Her coldness iced the room. \
Justine Ruiz. She'd been at the motorhome. That neo-natzi look, notable. I looked to Aiden; his eyes told me he knew. \
\'93Can you tell us who did this to you?\'94 continued Claire. \
"I don't remember." \
"That's okay. Tell us what you do remember?" \
Both detectives watched me, waited for my answer. I eyed them. Were they here to help? Or did the Cartel send them to ensure I wouldn't talk?\
"Nothing." I shook my head. "The last thing I remember was wanting to go on an ATV ride, just for fun. The next thing I remember, I woke up here."\
"Who was that man?" inquired the nurse. \
Justine glared at me. "What man?" \
"Nobody, just a friend." 
\f1\i Was she looking for Pa?
\f0\i0  "He was in a hurry to get to work, sorry he rushed out like he did." \
The nurse squinted at me, and shook her head. Claire motioned for Justine to follow the nurse out. \
"Do you ride Mr. Manwell's ATV often?" ask Claire. \
"Aiden's ATV? Yeah, sure, I ride it all the time." I nodded at Aiden with raised eyebrows. He nodded back to Claire.\
"So you do remember riding the ATV but nothing else?"\
"No, nothing." I slid down into the bed and yawned. \
"Okay. It's not unusual. The doctor said you might not remember. He also said that your memory may return in bits and pieces. As that happens, please call me." Clair handed me a business card. "My personal cell is on the back. Use it anytime. I'll let you rest for now." She smiled, nodded at Aiden and left the room.\
"What's going on?" Aiden asked when they were out of earshot. \
"Not now. Just get me out of here." }