{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri Light;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red91\green155\blue213;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \keepn\fi288\sb240\sl259\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Chapter 7}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The focus shifted to Aleron. She felt the overlapping waves of the committee, the patterns of interest, skepticism, affection, hostility. She let her report flow calmly.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "We've made a breakthrough with the People. We had shifted a promising receptee, Raefe, into a new timeline to prolong his development. That has now paid off \endash  you can see from the memories I have sent you that he is now ready to move into a new stage of social development, completely new for his species."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She let them feel the contradictions that had developed in Raefe, her sense that he was like a young creature about to crack its protective egg and really see the world for the first time. She let them hear Raefe and Lina, how they were looking for a thoughtstream to join that was not based on anger or despair or self-proclaimed superiority. How they were looking for others with the same potential. What she had seen inside his mind when she had transitioned him to his new timeline.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This was what they Guarded for, these moments of hope that they could build on. But she could also feel opposition in their wave function.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Since your intervention, this one has thought many things. You should have consulted with us before having an encounter. His fitness is far from certain. He has been very slow to come to this" Hanakori responded.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "It seems slower to us than it does to him," Aleron replied, acknowledging while contradicting. "The more I entangle with them, the more I see the imbalance between their rational and emotional lives, and the consequent slowness with which they come to grasp new ways."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Precisely. And yet they are near the brink again, in his new world. Which makes me wonder why we continue with this Earth," said Anatope. Aleron was not surprised. He and Hanakori had long been impatient with what they saw as lost causes.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "But they are making progress," she insisted. "We have seen this before. About 10 of their generations ago, their urbanization process threatened to kill them off in waves of disease. They had no understanding of their own biology. Their medicine was based either on superstition or trial and error. Yet within three generations, they solved the riddle of bacteria, the major threat to them, and have ever since been gradually spreading new practices throughout their societies. And we have other examples. This species seems to work fastest when time is shortest."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "I don't see it that way," Hanakori replied. "They are a classic case of a society stuck in the Optimization phase. They have learned much about the physical world, and they are in love with the notion that there is a physical answer to every problem. The only significant agents of progress in their society favor more technology, their opponents less or just different technology."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Agreed," Anatope said. "They have made little progress in understanding their own inner workings and how their minds interact with these changes they are constantly implementing. And what progress they have made seems entirely focused on each individual. From your reports, I see no evidence that they have come to understand in any deep way how their individual natures, small group natures, big group behavior, and species behavior interact. They constantly replicate mistakes of the past, each time with more optimized technology. We know this is the path to self-destruction."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, we do," Aleron agreed. "If it were not true, we would have no mission there. But now we have a catalyst in Raefe, and a few hundred other promising individuals who are only slightly behind him, who are beginning to break through to a new paradigm. We have succeeded with such allies before with other species, many times. The simulations still allow for a reasonable chance of success.  I ask only for patience."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "You ask for more," Anatope responded instantly, as if waiting to pounce. "You ask for energy to maintain the entanglement, indeed for more and more to spread it. You ask for more Guardians."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "I ask what all Guardians have always asked for," she replied. "That we spend our time and energy as needed to save life and nurture it to sustainability. What better use do we have for our time and energy?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She was puzzled. Once again she had felt the hard edge of judgment from Anatope's cohort. They often came dangerously close to talking about "worthy" species, an idea she thought the very opposite of what being a Guardian was. It was an old idea that plagued many advanced species, who found it hard to resist looking at intelligent life that was millennia behind them in development as pets, or worse, garden plants, to be tended until they became boring, or worse still, pests to be eliminated. Shedding that notion was one of the key steps to becoming a Guardian species, but it was never shed all at once, or for all time.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 But Anatope's bunch had never made an argument based on resources. Why now? Her effort with the People was one of thousands underway by hundreds of Guardians, each of which consumed a relatively small part of the energy they were able to extract from the vacuum. Why pick on her or her project?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Even as she pondered this, she could feel a shift in the wave function.  Salmerikon, always encouraging her, now felt stern. But she could feel Anatope shrink, too, from him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "We are not here to debate whether we are Guardians," Salmerikon said flatly. "We are only ambassadors, and we must carry out the will of all of our kind to be Guardians. Anatope, Hanakori, you are free to raise the wisdom of guardianship with the Whole. In the meantime, our choices with any species we are Guarding are limited to how we may help them, not whether. And now I think there are others who have news to report, as well."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Three nights later, Salmerikon came to her quarters. She reshaped the entrance room, and an extra chair extended from the floor.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "I've been waiting to ask you what the galaxy was going on at the last ambassador's meeting," she said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "'What the galaxy?'" he smiled.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh sorry. I got that from the People, sort of. When they feel strongly about something, they invoke grand forces of nature or their deities. They say things like "what on earth" or "what the hell" is going on. I guess in my own mind, I've started saying "what the galaxy" since the galaxy is kind of our world, if you want to look at it that way. It just made me realize that even though they can only communicate consciously through words, there is a richness to their expression that I like."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "You realize that the distinction between Earth and Hell alone underlies millions of deaths on their world?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, certainly. But both words also represent their desire to find a connection not only to each other, but to something bigger than themselves. And that is strong in most of them. Some of them have amplified predator tendencies, more like the solitary hunter species that wander the ruined star clusters of Perseus. But in most of them, that solitary instinct is subordinate to their ancestral habits of large bands, and bands of bands. Sorry, you didn't come for a lecture, I suppose. I just get lost in them sometimes."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled. "Not to worry, your passion refreshes."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Do you want to eat?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, in a little while. I need to tell you some things, though, about the ambassadors. And then also about us."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh. Nothing bad, I hope." He must know that her passion was not just for the People.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes and no. You know that Anatope and Hanakori have been increasingly vocal about your missions. Not just yours, either."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm not sure it's a relief to know it's not just me."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "No, it's not. Increasingly, I suspect that they have doubts about our Guardian role. This is not new among us, of course. Or even undesirable."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Doubt is the rock that purifies the water as it flows down the cliff."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Indeed. But I am concerned that they don't share their true doubts, nor the fullness of their thoughts."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This was more serious than she had imagined. "That is\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8230\'85unfortunate. What will you do?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Nothing for now. I have shared my concerns with other pod leaders as well, and for now, we are just listening to understand what Anatope's cohort is up to."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, let's hope it dissipates.\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94 In her concern, she had unconsciously darkened the room. She brought up warm colors on the walls before Salmerikon noticed. \u8220\'93So what did you want to talk about as far as we are concerned?" She was trying to mask her apprehensiveness, and failing.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, nothing bad. Can I take you up on that offer of food now?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She was cheered that he had chosen to eat with her. It had been thousands of years since their kind had needed to deliberately eat to survive. Their ancestors had enhanced them with a variety of autotrophic mechanisms. As long as there was any kind of ambient electromagnetic energy, they were fine. And they could survive for days on gravity alone, in the rare event they were cut off from light or other electro-magnetic radiation. Eating was now for pleasure or companionship, for honoring the ancient voices that still spoke in their cells.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She brought out some purple fruit slices, and some cheese with microherbal implants. She thought the codes that activated them, releasing the fresh tastes of the herbs into the aged cheese. What the galaxy, she thought, and brought out a wine she knew he especially liked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They ate in silence, passing back and forth the wave function of their taste sensations, washing each other's minds in a bath of taste and aroma and texture. When they were done, he grasped both of her hands.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "You always know how to cleanse my mind, Aleron."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm pleased you feel that way." She waited for him to speak.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Do you know how long I have been pod leader?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Since before I became an ambassador."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "It's been more than eleven centuries."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, now she understood. "You will transform soon?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Not soon, but not long either. Before this century is out, I will change to a female."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "You think we cannot be lovers then?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 "Who knows? Our hearts will go whichever way they want. Either way, we will be friends. But that is not what I wanted to talk about. It has been a long time since I fathered a child, and it would mean a great deal to me if you would join with me for that. It will be a long time into the future before I mother my own child, and I don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t want to wait that long to be a parent again."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In only her sixth century, she had never thought much about birthing a child. Salmerikon was her first lover who had even passed into parent status.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Later that night, after they had made love in their usual way, Salmerikon guided her in coupling to begin the creation process. In the next few weeks, he would nurture the egg he had fertilized and received from her. His body, with its enhanced nano gene repair tech, would remove any mistakes, correct any serious diseases, build an energy transfer layer around it and wrap it in a protective gel.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 When it was done, he would return to her, and they would finish the ancient ritual of transferring the embryo to her. Then her body would take over, and grow it until it was ready to be born. The time spent in both their bodies would allow the baby to immediately join their wave function, and its connection with them would pave its entrance into their community.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She knew that there would be pain and discomfort involved for both of them. Long ago, her species had tried to abolish all that by raising children outside the body. They learned the hard way that evolution had embedded in them the physicality of creation and birth. Both for the parents and the child, there were so many unforeseen and undesirable consequences to losing that experience. So they had contented themselves with merely making it safe.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the early morning hours, they smiled and sang the first songs of new parents-to-be together. To feel such a chorus for the first time was an experience worth a little discomfort.}}