{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green67\blue134;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21961\c34510\c59608;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 That night hadn't been Bobby\'92s turn to drive the boys in, but it made him feel in control. He felt stupid stopping to pick up a dead-man, but things had to appear normal. How long would it be before the boss's came asking about David? Bobby wasn\'92t in any hurry to deal with that since he had vouched for David. \
 Bobby pulled onto the road to the old mine, almost cutting off another truck so that he'd been in the middle of a group of other trucks. He\'92d be less noticeable in the middle. \
The five trucks parked side by side, and four to seven men piled out of each one. They were farmers and shop owners whose shops weren\'92t doing well; all were down on their luck, angry, and in desperate need of money to feed their families. The men grouped together and moved as one towards the work site. Bobby maneuvered his way into the the pact. Most of the men walked in silence looking down and the ground. Bobby used the cover of the group to eye the surrounding buildings, wondering if his sister was in one of them. Had to be. Why else hadn't she returned?\
A ways down, the men split up according to the work assignments. Months ago, on Bobby\'92s first day, he had been stoked that he got assigned to the tunnel. The hard and dangerous work paid the best. A fight broke out on Bobby\'92s first day. Another man, who had been there longer, got bumped from line and Bobby got the prime slot. For once in his life things went Bobby\'92s way. The bosses got a twofer: Bobby could dig like the rest, but he could also fix anything that might break along the way. Before Bobby arrived, if something broke they\'92d radio for the mechanic and it would take him while to arrive. The guy could fix anything, but he was too old to dig, with lungs too weak for the bad tunnel air. \
Bobby was amazed at what these guys planned to accomplish. Over time he learned that the 1.5 mile tunnel would go from the XXXRanch just east of Jackson across the boarder and come out in a shop east of Agua de vida. The entrance on the Jackson side was creatively camouflaged within the Casino construction, which covered the entrance to the old mine. The Agua de vida side, the tunnel opened up to a shop on Cally 6 right next door to the migrant rescue center, Centro de Atenci\'f3n al Migrante Exodus,
\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 or CAME as most everyone called it. \
By the time David started, the 900 yards of tunnel was all the way through, but far from complete. The bosses had forced the tunnel diggers to take short-cuts to speed up the time line. Cracking the tunnel open through both ends, in record time was achieved by lengthening the spaces between the concrete shores, and none of the walls had yet been sprayed with concrete which would normally be done along the way. The shortcuts greatly increased the danger and at least ten men lost their lives\'96\'96nothing compared to the drugs and money they processed through the tunnel. Even with all the construction still going on they could process XX pounds per week. When it was fully up and running the projections were XX pounds per day. \
\
Bobby wondered what they had done with the bodies of the tunnel diggers who died. They left their homes one night, and never returned. Their families pasted "Missing" signs everywhere. They visited the police station every day to see if there was any news, but the police were bought and paid for; so, there was never any news. During Sunday services, their families asked for prayers for the safe return of their loved ones. Bobby wasn\'92t much of a family man, but the families\'92 haunted him. With David dead, Susan she might as well be dead if the cartel had her, he wondered who would grieve for him. Maybe today was the day he wouldn\'92t come home. But who would notice?\
The grief of the families was quickly replaced by Bobby\'92s amazement of what they had accomplished. He stood at the Agua de vida end of the tunnel where there was a elevator door. It went up to a large room about five feet below the a pharmacy on Cally 6 street. Last week he was set up in the elevator to fix some machinery in the back office of the Pharmacy. Few steps up led to a hidden door in the floor of the back office in the pharmacy. Bobby marveled at the ingenuity. \
The floor of the back room was covered in a patch work of uneven surfaces including old tiles, linoleum, patches of wood planks, plain concrete, and splotches of carpet. The hatch door was hidden in plain site among the random, well worn, chaotic pattern. The door itself, two inch steel padded on both sides so that when you walked over it even with woman\'92s heels, it didn\'92t sound any different than the rest of the floor. \
Bobby wasn\'92t anxious to take another trip up the elevator. Once the doors opened on to Mexico, although just feet away from Jackson, it was a different world. More like a war zone than a town, he thought. The risks these guys took was immense. But the gains were worth it. As soon as the light of day was shinning through the Agua de vita side of the tunnel, the shipments of drugs and money started. Bobby had seen wagons full of cocaine bricks being transported through the tunnel from Mexico to the US side since the elevator became functional. //timeline. \
As he approached the elevator, Bobby saw an unattended wagon containing drugs and money. During David\'92s first week in the tunnel he had pointed out to Bobby that with their rush to open for business, their security was weak. They left themselves open, David had said. Bobby thought they were just trash talking about how these drug runner couldn\'92t run a business. But now, Bobby saw it first hand.\
He stared into the wagon, and realized David had been planning, not just talking. 
\f2\i Had he stolen from the Cartel?
\f0\i0  
\f2\i Holy shit. \

\f0\i0 "Back up, you ma-tha-fucka," said some big burley dude Bobby didn't want to cross. \
Bobby threw his hands up as if surrendering, and backed away. "Hey, just keeping it safe until you came along." \
"Get back to work." \
"Sure man. Sure." Bobby turned and walked back into the tunnel even though he had been waiting on the elevator. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 All that money! Damn, they got their shit together.
\f0\i0  These were definitely guys Bobby wanted to be around, move up the ranks. If only he could get past the whole David thing. 
\f2\i David.
\f0\i0  
\f2\i First my farm, and now this opportunity. If you wasn\'92t dead, I\'92d kill you myself. 
\f0\i0 \
\
 }