{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Driving away from the hospital, a woman's scream reverberated down Main street. Patrons from the bakery, The Corner Store, and the bank flooded the street to see what was going on, blocking our car. We got out and followed the scream to a woman pointing to the World War Two statue honoring the Arizona men who had died in the war. A body hung from the neck of the statue like a medallion won in war. Blood still dripped from where his hands and feet once where.\
I screamed, but nothing came out. \
It was Bobby. \
The acid sting of fear ate through my veins. \
Pinned to his chest was the note I had penned in David's writing threatening the Cartel, only now across the note the words\'96\'96YOU'RE NEXT\'96\'96screamed out. \
Aiden raised my hoodie and spun me around and dragged me away from the scene, dodging gawkers blocking the road. Glancing back at Bobby\'92s mutilated body, the message was clear. \
"So that's what he meant,\'94 I said. \
Bobby's contorted face emblazoned on the inside of my eyelids. \
Aiden started the car. "Who?" \
"Pa. He told me not to play games. That Bobby had tried that. And now he's dead." \
"But why?" asked Aiden, turning at the road to his house. \
"Bobby said he\'92d tell them Pa was alive." \
"So they gave him an ultimatum," Aiden said. \
"Just like the one they gave me\'96\'96The money or die."\
"How stupid can I be? Running around chasing Bee. Threatening the Cartel, stirring them up and for nothing. It was Pa all along." \
"Your Pa wrote the note? Not the Cartel?" \
"Because of me Ma\'92s dead, Bobby\'92s dead, and the Cartel is after me. What have I done? They can\'92t have died in vain. We have to save this town, our town from the Cartel's scourge.\'94\
}