{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ri-720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe woke with a start as the train came to a sudden halt. His Voice chirped and announced that the train had stopped due to routine maintenance on the track ahead. Wow, he thought, when did the train company start paying for maintenance? Usually they just waited for a break down and then fixed it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina looked like she had been awake for a while.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Where are we?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Near Richmond, I think," she said. "But something's up. Look out the window, to your right."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was smoke up ahead, black rolling clouds. Something big was burning, maybe only a kilometer away. They went between the cars, trying to look out, but the smoke was thick up ahead and they couldn't see past it. He ask his Voice for news about Richmond.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "There are 781 reports of fire, fighting and police activity. How should I focus?" the Voice wanted to know.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Fighting," he replied, now getting nervous. Occasionally thieves boarded the high-speed luxury trains, but who would want to jack a solar train? He and Lina had nothing to steal anyway.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Reports from citizens on local sites say about 200 armed men have attempted to take over Richmond City Hall. These reports are unconfirmed by police or other official sources."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What is the government here?" Raefe asked. "Any chance police will come?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Difficult to determine," the Voice answered. "Nominally, still part of Virginia and the United States, but that doesn't count for much. United Energy Resources is trying to extend its semi-autonomous corporate tax-free zone east from West Virginia, and Richmond is high on their list of next places to annex.  They've been recruiting in the area."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Raefe, we should go," Lina said, her fear palpable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Go where?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I don't know, we should find a place to hide. They may board the train."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Or maybe they don't give a soot about the train and we'll just be making it harder on ourselves. What do we do if the train takes off while we''re hiding?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could answer, a gunshot went off close by. The car door burst open and half a dozen men burst in, military guns but ragtag uniforms.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Listen up," announced a scrawny white man, almost a boy, at the front of the group.  "Richmond, Virginia has been liberated by the Snakehead Militia, fighting for the United States of White America. You are riding a solar train, which is forbidden in our territory. You will be escorted off the train, and taken to New Dixie, our encampment. Once we've secured the area, we'll make arrangements for you to be on your way."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Shit, they're  real, the Confeds," Raefe whispered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We need to get out of here, if we can," Lina said, trying not to move her mouth. Raefe could feel the sweat on her palms. There was plenty of rumors on the net about the Confeds. Wacked out Wyn heads, outlaw diesel bikers, mercs who hadn't had a job since they were run out of Mexico, the nets couldn't agree on who these guys were. Except, they were white, as in White.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The platoon herded them off the train and made them line up along the narrow corridor that separated the woods from the tracks. There were closer to 50 than the 200 reported with the usual net exaggeration, but they had at least 200 weapons, ranging from knives to tasers to small submachine guns. Up close, they looked more sick than dangerous. Pale skin and thinning hair, looking old even at 19 or 20. The water in the coal fields was mostly polluted, it was a heavy metal gruel that slowly sapped the strength of those who drank it, weakening even their genes. They were the last of the last in that part of the country, held there by fear, family ties, crooked preachers and lying corpos long after the land gave up on them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could see one of them was the leader. He seemed to have a little spark about him, a luminescence that shone through the dirty pale skin and the greasy hair. He had a T-shirt with a faded picture of a group of bearded men in 19}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\super th}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  century clothes, and the words, "Like my brother below me, I took a rebel stand." He had a nanotat circling his neck. It was off, but Raefe could make out different geometric patterns. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What you looking at, white boy?" the Confed said. He shook his head quickly and the tats woke up. Red and black symbols -- maybe it was the Confederate flag with Nazi swastikas added to it -- orbited his neck. "You''re in White America, now. What once was lost, now is found \endash  you're looking at the real symbols of your country."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe didn't know if he was joking or insane. Still, he could feel the energy of this kid. Best not to test him. He would have to be careful talking with him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "See, it hurts me to see a white man scared to see the symbols of his own heritage, and taking comfort with lesser creatures. I told you not to worry, we ain't gonna hurt you. "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What's your name?" he asked him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "People call me Jeff Davis," he replied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "But that's not your name is it? He was an original Confederate, I know that. What does your mother call you?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Why you care?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We got a situation here. I'm trying to figure out where we go from here, and I'd like to know who I'm talking to."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Jeff Davis will do for you. The situation we got is that y'all got to do as you're told, or someone is going to get hurt.""}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Is that what you want? I don't know what they told you back there in coal country, but people who take the solar train, we're all poor. These people been through a lot \endash  hurricanes, tidal waves, civil wars and just plain scuffling to survive.  I see you have, too, so I'm going to tell you straight. A lot of these people have faced worse than you, and whatever power you think you have over them, they are going to make you use it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just then, a shot rang out about 30 meters down the track.  A group of passengers had surrounded one of the Snakehead platoons, and one of the soldiers had fired a warning shot in the air. Jeff Davis motioned and he and his men ran toward the shot. Raefe and Lina took the opportunity to melt back into the crowd, which had now swelled into one mass of all the passengers faced off with all of the Snakeheads.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Davis pushed his way to the front. "Everybody calm the frick down. No need for you to be causing trouble here, we've explained to you we'll be moving you shortly."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Moving my ass, you little shit," shouted a grizzled white guy. "Who the frick you think you are, you Wyn-loser little sootface? We paid good money to take this train up North so's we can work and send money back to our families. Most of us looking to catch on with snow crews. Most of us need to be in Hartford, Connecticut bright and early tomorrow for the big New England snow remover shape up or we won't get on any of the crews. We ain't got time for your backwoods shit. Now git the frick out of our way."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 More than 50 of the passengers had closed ranks behind him. Some of them had knives, some of them had found pieces of wood or had rocks in their hands.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Davis' crew looked nervous, but he was standing calm, almost bored. "You are in our country now, and the law is the law." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A young black woman and two brownish men of indeterminate ethnicity joined the older white guy at the front. They all had some kind of weapon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Shake that coal dust out of your ears," the woman said. "You must not be hearing us. You do not want to mess with snow 'sooner crews.  This is life or death for us \endash  our only hope of making it through the winter. We work for months for this fare \endash  salvage, nuclear reactor disassembly, solar furnace repair, whatever shit job you can think of, we've been doing it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Lady's right," one of the brown men said. "We don't catch on with a crew tomorrow, our families may not eat. Hell, we may not eat. This ain't no sim \endash  next time one of you fires, in the air or not, these folks probably just rush right at you and beat you."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Folks, I can appreciate the difficulties of living in the sad remainders of the United States of America," Davis said. "Until we can re-establish the rule of Christian law, God will not grace any of us with a decent life. You are paying for the sins of generations that ignored His teachings and broke with his ways."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Listen, boy," the white man said, "Last I heard, you can still preach that shit on the net somewhere. That's your play here. Not only are we not going to stand for you messing with our work, but we ain't going to let you split us up. I might be nothing better than a snow 'sooner monkey, and I might have only gone to school long enough to learn to read and use the Net, but I ain't ignorant enough to believe all that White America crap." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm trying to get you to see that there's a new order here," Davis said. "And a new law, and a new law is the first step we have to take." He nodded at the boys behind him, and they all came to shooting position. "Now I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92'm going to count to ten, and you all are going to turn and march to the front of the train."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The white snow 'sooner looked around and some heads nodded. He looked right back at Davis and said "Go frick yourself." About a dozen snow 'sooners rushed Davis and knocked him down. Everything was quiet. Then the Snakehead platoon opened fire, spraying the front rank of the crowd. Half a dozen people dropped, some moaning, some silent. The passengers were stunned, caught between rushing the Confeds and running away. Before they could make up their minds, Davis got to his feet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Alright, that's it. Everyone of you sons of bitches, line the frick up right now or there's going to be more bloodshed!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe grabbed Lina's hand, squeezing it as if to say, "I'm here, we'll get through this." Her hand was limp, her mind somewhere else, steeped in fear and anger. He squeezed her shoulder, trying to calm her. He was deathly afraid she would explode at Davis and he'd lose her. He needed time to think.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Snakeheads marched them to some flatbed trucks and prodded them with the butt ends of their rifles to get up on them. They were packed in, standing. The trucks started up, belching smoke, and set off down the highway. It was getting dark and soon he couldn't see where they were. It was all anyone could do to stay upright as the trucks bounced down the highway, which seemed to get increasingly rough. He could see from the setting sun they were going northwest, back into the Virginia hills.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They drove for about an hour and then pulled off the broken road, down a dirt path, into a clearing. There were tents and some rough shacks. The Snakeheads herded them off the trucks toward a series of small tents, each big enough for four or five people. The slit trenches behind them were all the bathroom facilities there were. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Alright, this is how it's going to go." Davis bellowed, standing on an old milk crate. "Those tents on the left, that's where all the white people are going to go. Those tents on the right, everyone else. No race mixing allowed here."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina turned toward him. He would never forget the look in her eyes, at once condemned and damning. He turned toward the Snakehead guard pushing him toward the white tents.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'd like to stay with my friend," he said, trying to strike a tone of reason. "She's not well."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The guard raised his rifle butt and swung it toward him. He was unconscious before he hit the ground.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0}