{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the end, it hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t been as hard to leave Cambridge as Raefe had anticipated. He\u8217\'92d had a few long talks with Tosh, who alternated between sympathy and anxiety. In the end, Raefe could sense that Tosh had come to the conclusion that there was no use worrying about it. Caught between the inland fires and drought and the raging coastal seas that plagued their world, one could only do so much, and that would never be enough anyway. Raefe didn\u8217\'92t argue. He had found that there were worse emotions than pessimism in this world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Not that he was feeling it at the moment. He had abandoned his initial romantic notion of walking north and settled in on the train. It would take three days to get to the north, three days with his thoughts, with a birds-eye view of what this part of the world had become. As they headed toward the Canadian border, it didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t look all that different in Vermont than he remembered it. Not that Vermont existed anymore \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  there was a patchwork of city and county governments that did their best, but no one bothered with the remnants of the United States up here anymore.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There were hillsides where the dryer summers had brought insect infestations that had killed off many trees. But thankfully, these were islands in the general green of northern New England. Lake Champlain was a bit smaller, although still large. Here and there the lower waters had created peninsulas out of what had been islands. No one owned that land, so homeless people from the flooded coasts had set up tent cities on them. On one of the larger peninsulas, he could see the beginnings of more permanent dwellings \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  dead trees from the surrounding hills had been cut down and dragged there, made into lumber and now some kind of longhouse dwellings.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soon they crossed the old border into Quebec. The train didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even slow. It would stop in Montreal, where what was left of the Quebec government still held sway. He had time for a nap before that. Just as he was starting to doze off, he felt a tickle in his mind. It was Des.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Dad. Wanted to wish you safe travels on your journey, but I guess I got here too late. All the same\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks. I\u8217\'92ve got two more days on the train until I get to Hudson\u8217\'92s Bay. So far, it\u8217\'92s surprisingly normal. No marauding gangs attacking the trains.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good news! Were you expecting any?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not really. I do remember that happening back in the \u8216\'9140s, when the shit really started to hit the fan. Some white supremacist militia groups \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  really they were mostly biker gangs \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  would attack trains, terrorize black and brown people, steal from everyone and disappear into the woods. They had this idea that the climate crisis wasn\u8217\'92t real, that it was all just a big excuse for dark-skinned people from the cities to steal their land. Sort of petered out after a few of the big glacier drops into the sea. Hard to argue that those were a hoax.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Progress, I guess. So you\u8217\'92re going to be a farmer, eh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, imagine that. I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92ll actually settle up there \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  probably not. I\u8217\'92m more interested in learning what the people who are settling are doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They all have net channels, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I know. I\u8217\'92m not looking for a how-to vid on farming. I want to know what\u8217\'92s in their hearts \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  how the experience is changing them. And I mean them in the plural. How this new life is affecting their sense of themselves and others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting. I\u8217\'92ll be keen to find out what you learn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be among the first to know, trust me. Meanwhile, I wanted to get your thoughts on something pretty crazy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He told her about his conversation with Diver.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what to make of it,\u8221\'94 he confessed. \u8220\'93It rings some bells, but not that clearly, if you know what I mean. You\u8217\'92re the science guy of the family. I thought maybe you could make sense of it. Is there something to what she is saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Something,maybe,\u8221\'94 Des answered. \u8220\'93Years ago, when I had to learn to extend entanglement to computers, I didn\u8217\'92t think much about where our minds came from But over the last ten or fifteen years, I\u8217\'92ve mulled that over. It can be interesting to think about how does a squirrel remember the hundreds of places it hid nuts. Or how does a school of dolphins and a pod of killer whales actually team up to hunt herring once a year in a specific fjiord in Norway? Because maybe we have those parts, too, only we\u8217\'92ve layered all sorts of stuff on top of them. But I\u8217\'92ve never dug into it. I\u8217\'92d have to think much more about it. I might contact her, too. Let me mull it over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe was fine with that. They talked about Lina and Mari and the usual things. Des could feel Raefe was struggling to stay awake and said goodbye. The train surged onward across the flat plains of the Eastern Townships, rocking Raefe to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He awoke with a start. They were slowing down, approaching  Montreal. The train rolled along the south bank of the St. Lawrence. Raefe had been a frequent visitor to Canada when he was younger. In fact, it was one of the shared memories between his self in this timeline and the one he had drowned in. But he hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t been here in years.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After the Warren revolt had failed, some of his supporters in northern New England had tried to set up their own state along the border from Maine to the Thousand Islands. The movement never succeeded, but the diehards carried out intermittent disruptions and even occasional armed attacks for years until it petered out. Canada had sealed the border in that area, reopening up intermittently only since 2091. Somehow, he hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t had a reason to go north since then.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was always a thrill to see Montreal, the big island in the river, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s buildings set against Mount Royal in the background. You could visit any number of large cities on the east coast, but once you turned north, things got mostly smaller and smaller until you emerged from the flat prairie of the eastern townships to see this city that had always been a gateway to both the inner frontier and the outer world. What was different now was the river. The ever-changing climate of the 21st century had wracked the St. Lawrence. Meager snow melt had decreased the river at its source in Lake Ontario. The river had dropped so far and slowed so much that Quebec had been forced to build dams along it and ever more canals to keep the shipping traffic that underlay much of its economy viable. But the same climate forces also brought periodic storms and flooding that overflowed the banks, much as the Mississippi had experienced a century earlier. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now the wide banks were half mud, dotted with marooned freight barges. The imposing bridges that led into the city looked cartoonishly large now compared to the degraded river below. Still, the city was humming. But now its energy was not directed seaward to the Atlantic but instead to the newly habitable far north. Montreal was a free-for-all now of miners, farmers, and utopian dreamers, and the permanent residents who made a living servicing them as they passed to and fro. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing bands of young backpackers lining the streets through the train windows reminded him of Nila, the girl he had tangled with in New Kendall. Was it her who sent the message in a bottle to the Norcambs?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He wondered where she was. Not expecting much, he let himself dip into the local waveform. Montreal had its share of empaths, that he could tell. He listened quietly to the hum of the city, the emotional jostling of thousands of minds. It was a friendly hum. Where once the city had been a nexus of tension between Canada\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s main cultures, the events of the last 50 years had broken down many of those barriers. Canada had its own Billy Warrens and Ken Robertsons, but they lacked the deep pockets and global power base to keep stirring the pot of ethnic rivalry. Left to their own devices, Quebeckers had slowly let go of the three-cornered conflict between First Nations, English and French that had been going on since the 18th century. Many of them were now bilingual in French and English and knew at least the language of a local First Nation, even if they still only spoke one language at home.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then he felt something in the background, a familiar mind. It was Nila! He listened for awhile, letting his mind find her more fully. And then he reached out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nila, hi. It\u8217\'92s Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She was surprised, flustered. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa. You can feel me all the way from Cambridge?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he laughed. \u8220\'93Maybe if we knew each other better. I can tangle with my family anywhere in the world.\u8221\'94 He didn\u8217\'92t mention his friends on other planets. \u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m just outside Montreal, on the train. Where are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She told him about Thunberg.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So was that you who sent a message to the Norcambs about leaving New Kendall?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93It made quite an impression on the them, I should tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, that was Mik. Remember him, my friend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Vaguely. Tell him that he really changed some hearts and minds with that. You might not realize how low an opinion the Norcambs and the other homeless people have of New Kendall folks. They were pleasantly surprised to find you have a conscience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, us too! We were never encouraged to develop one, if you know what I mean. But you can tell Mik yourself. He\u8217\'92s starting to learn to tangle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exciting. You may have more ability there than you give yourself credit for. How\u8217\'92s Thunberg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mostly amazing. At first it looks like some kids who\u8217\'92ve never seen a town built one out of Legos. But then they explain why everything is the way it is and you go, \u8216\'91wow, how come we never did that before?\u8217\'92 I can feel you\u8217\'92re very interested in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I came up this way. Thunberg is just one of many experimental communities in the new lands that have opened up since the thaw. I want to see what they\u8217\'92re doing. And to feel how it\u8217\'92s shaping people \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  are they changing, too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Funny you should say that,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s bothering me. They have all this really clever stuff, and if we all do it, it will really make an impact on the climate. But I worry that they think that\u8217\'92s all we need to do. I don\u8217\'92t know if they understand how people like Ken Robertson Jr. think, how the other side, if you will, thinks. Or even how to help all of us get through this. They\u8217\'92re so focused on progress.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, now that is ironic. What bothers you about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thunberg is just a little settlement of 6,000 people a million miles from anywhere. If Junior thinks it\u8217\'92s a threat, there\u8217\'92s a hundred ways he could damage it, or just wipe it away. My mom is a sec in New Kendall. I know the kind of shit they\u8217\'92re into.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s legit. But I would say that there\u8217\'92s nothing new there. When we were just Citizens of Nowhere, we had to fight that fight, too. We\u8217\'92re not powerless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For sure. And Junior doesn\u8217\'92t even have the resources and people his dad did. But I feel like Thunberg is in a dream. You guys knew you had to bring as many people together as you could, to get them thinking together. These guys are happy to have this little town and their feed on the net. They think people watching vids of them building sustainable housing out of swamp chemicals with solar electricity will change the world. I\u8217\'92m not so sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want to see whole cities like that, is that what I\u8217\'92m feeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s such a good idea, then yeah, why aren\u8217\'92t we going back to Boston and saying, stop all the half-measures. Let\u8217\'92s just start anew, let\u8217\'92s do it like this, cause it works and it will keep working. Cause all those people down there, they have no idea if what they\u8217\'92re doing will mean a hill of shit the next time the climate takes a turn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I want to see \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  are all these little projects going to work for millions of people? And are they something that millions of  people are going to want to do? What I mean is, does living like this make them happy in some deep way they don\u8217\'92t have now? Because I\u8217\'92ve come to realize that we\u8217\'92re forgetting how to be happy. So much of our world is a managed death cult. It\u8217\'92s not like we have a choice. But we have to find one to offer people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, I guess I hadn\u8217\'92t gotten that far in thinking about it,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93We could really use that perspective up here. There are other issues, too. They\u8217\'92ve got this kind of tough-guy attitude about everything. I thought I\u8217\'92d like that, you know, after all the fussiness in New Kendall. But it bothers me that the answer to everything is tough it out. That\u8217\'92s going to happen anyway \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I wanted to hear how we\u8217\'92re going to tough it out without being crushed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92ve definitely convinced me that I should head up and maybe start with Thunberg. Just for now, though, can you be low-key about that? I mean, I don\u8217\'92t care if you tell Mik, but it might be better if I met the rest of the Thunberg people on their own terms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For sure. I\u8217\'92m new here. I don\u8217\'92t think they\u8217\'92d take kindly to me telling them they\u8217\'92re doing it all wrong and I\u8217\'92ve summoned you to fix it. But they know you, of course, and they have huge respect for Everywhere. So you shouldn\u8217\'92t have any trouble that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She explained to Raefe the whole process for getting to Thunberg. He could find Noreen in Radisson, or maybe he could just tangle with Kaitlyn. She let him feel her memory of Kaitlyn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind so that he would recognize it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The train was rolling to a stop. He would have to go into the station and fill out forms about why he was coming into Quebec. He said goodbye to Nila. How far she had come in such a short time! Young people were like that with tangling, still so open and motivated to reach out and touch the big world and all of its people. But there was also a darkness and a sadness in her that was different than the usual stresses he felt from people. He wondered where it came from. He would let her tell him, if she chose to.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}