{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I felt a rush of anger when I heard Bobby's Camaro racing down the main road. What did he want now? First Aiden, now Bobby. \
"I don't have time for you," I said as walked out onto the porch. \
"What's with the dead chicken in the middle of the road? And the mailbox? What happened here?" \
"You tell me?" I said, frustrated with his games. "Your nighttime friends paying a visit of sorts, I guess."\
"You saw them do this?" Bobby asked. \
 "No, just the path of destruction they left in their wake." \
"They must know." Bobby sat on his bumper, slumped over with his head in his hands.\
"Who must know what?" \
"That David\'92s dead." Bobby\'92s voice, barely audible. \
"The Cartel doesn't cares if he's alive or dead, but they do care the stuff Pa stole from them. You part of that?" \
"What? David stole from the cartel? You got to be kidding me?" Bobby, up now, paced the length of the car. "Wait. Who told you about the Cartel?" \
"Why, you look like you're gonna puke. What does it matter who told me. And yeah, Pa stole from them, and they want it back, or else." I swiped my finger across my throat. \
"What'd he take? Where is it?" Beads of sweat emerged on his forehead. \
"Thanks for your concern. Questions you should have the answers to. Now tell me, what\'92s at the old mine. Any buildings? Anything you know." I headed back into the house. \
"I told you that road doesn't interest you, or the mine. I told you to forget it all," Bobby followed me, "and you shouldn\'92t even mention the Cartel. You don\'92t understand what you\'92re saying. Now forget everything."\
"Take a breath, dude, and listen to me." I pushed him into a chair. Bobby's word vomit stopped as I recapped the day. The legless chicken, Betty, the chicken coop, the mailbox, the barn, the house. With each revelation, Bobby turned greener. \
"Yeah, and let\'92s not forget the threat." I read him the note. \
"...say goodbye. You have 48 hours."
\f1\i  \

\f0\i0 The words lingered like four-day-old fish.
\f1\i  
\f0\i0 His eyes locked on mine at first, but then the veil of deception dropped. I ran my fingers through my hair as if putting it in a ponytail, but instead let it fall to my shoulders. \
"Is that all?" Bobby squinted. \
I shrugged. \
"Did they see you?" Bobby paced again. "How many were in the truck? How did they not see you?" \
"No, I told you I wasn\'92t here when they did this," I gestured around the room. \
"Not then, you dimwit." Bobby\'92s face flushed red. "On the way back from fetching your truck. On 
\f1\i that
\f0\i0  road. Did you pass anyone? Did they see you?" \
I smelled his desperation, his panic, but wasn't sure why. Something was up. \
"No, they didn\'92t see me. This 
\f1\i dimwit
\f0\i0  pulled off into a ravine and hid when the gold truck and a car drove passed. What\'92s the big deal?" I glared at him, trying to figure his angle. \
"Maybe they saw you? A man in a car, right? One of those BMWs, right?" Bobby searched the refrigerator. "Damn it. Why is there no beer in this house?" \
"BMW? No, an old Chevy beater." I said peering into the refrigerator; there should be beer in there. \
"Wait. You didn\'92t see a dark BMW? How did you not pass it? You followed me, right? You had to see it." Bobby paced, sat down, got up, and paced some more as he talked. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9DDF9C3C-3C39-4BA1-BD54-A7BA49CEF58F"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 Bobby 1st Cartel encounter}}\

\f2 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0 "Not right away." I said, clearing my throat. "I had trouble getting the truck out of the ditch. And thanks for helping with that, by the way." \
"Okay, okay. So you didn\'92t see the BMW, but a truck and a car passed you. How long after I left?"\
A light bulb when off for me. "Are you trying to come up with an alibi?" I scoffed. "Did you steal from them too?" \
"Don\'92t say steal. And no, I didn\'92t steal anything. As far as your Pa goes...well, we can\'92t ask him now, can we? Gawd! You don\'92t steal from these people." He dug his fingernails into the palm of his hand. "You just let me handle this. Now where is their stuff? I\'92ll get it back to them, and everything will be just fine. I can handle everything..." \
"For the third time, I don\'92t know what they're looking for. What's up with you?"\
"Yea, yea. You have no idea what it is. Okay." He looked as if wheels were spinning in his head; his eyes darted like pinballs. "This is what we'll do. I\'92ll move in here, make sure this doesn't happen again. Susan will be proud I'm stepping up. Then, I\'92ll handle everything." Bobby stood straighter. \
Is he trying to impress me with this big-uncle act? I saw through him. Moving in gave him the chance to search the place again. He hoped to find their stuff. If that didn't work, I'm sure he'll watch me like a hawk, hoping I'll lead him to it. \
"You can\'92t fix anything. And since when do you care what Ma thinks? Besides, Ma will never see your heroics, they took her as collateral." \
"What the hell\'92s 
\f1\i co-lat-er-al
\f0\i0 ?" \
"Good lord, you are an idiot. It's a trade. You get that?" I slowed my speech to match his brain power, "We get Ma back, when-they-get-their-goods-back."\
Bobby belched and his hand flew up to his mouth.\
\
 }