{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>It was Decision Day and he had made his. School let out early so they could all celebrate. He waved off Junior and Seanito. He wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t in the mood. He hadn\u8217\'92t seen Nila since coffee at Mo\u8217\'92s. Maybe she had actually done it and run away. He hoped she was OK, but he was angry at her and sad for both of them, all balled up together.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His feet pulled him inexorably toward the Broadway Bridge. That was the place where everything had started to really come apart for him. It was just a block long piece of road over a small, occasionally raging, swollen river. Today, though, it was calm. There weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even guards at the bridge. But the gates were down, the cameras on and they would be here in seconds if anyone tried to cross into New K.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He still couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t figure out why people were killed over this little stream. It looked pretty today, green trees and some early spring flowers along the banks. He could see people on the other side, but they paid no attention to him. I\u8217\'92ll bet New K is way more obsessed with them than they are with us, he thought. They\u8217\'92re just living life.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Too bad your masters can\u8217\'92t see that way,\u8221\'94 a woman said from behind and he turned around. She was standing in a doorway, hard to see unless you were right where he was. She looked familiar.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We almost met once. I come to your school with Raefe Epstein Miller. I\u8217\'92m Ines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He remembered her, walking down the street with Raefe and some other people the day after the attack at this bridge.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You were the one trying to cross with the zip line, weren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was there, you know. They make us kids help watch during the storm. Me and another kid, we were over there.\u8221\'94 He pointed to the building where he and Junior had watched that night. \u8220\'93I thought they were going to kill us to shut us up. Cleaning up loose ends, you know? It was outrageous what they did to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So everyone over here isn\u8217\'92t an animal. REM, he preach that. I don\u8217\'92t always believe it. But here you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing here? How did you get in?\u8221\'94 Suddenly he wondered if he was going to be a human sacrifice for New Kendall\u8217\'92s sins.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Relax, you\u8217\'92re safe, Raefe sent me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He wants you to know Nila is safe. She had to leave quick time. The Secs were going to swoop her away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What? Why? She\u8217\'92s just a rebellious kid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They learn she tangles.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And they were going to arrest for that? She can\u8217\'92t be the only one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Verdad! But maybe the only one who tangles with REM himself. They were, how can we say, concerned. I think you know they get dangerous when they\u8217\'92re concerned. Maybe not just arrest her either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, man. It\u8217\'92s my fault. She was trying to sort out what to do. We have to pick jobs and she was being squeezed into ones she hated and I told her, maybe she could live on your side and we could still, well\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you care for her. She must care for you, because she strong that someone had to let you know  she\u8217\'92s OK and not to worry. So I don\u8217\'92t think she blames you, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where is she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I don\u8217\'92t want to know. This shit is getting real again. The Secs have some tanglers, and they\u8217\'92re coming after tanglers they don\u8217\'92t like, which is everyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re with Everywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not exactly. I can tangle, but I ain\u8217\'92t sold on the whole one big tangled up human race. Some people I definitely don\u8217\'92t want to share my thoughts with, and want to be in their minds even less. You seem OK, though. But to answer, I\u8217\'92m not with Everywhere. I\u8217\'92m a Norcamb \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you know all those people out rough up on this end? We rub shoulders with Everywhere a lot. Raefe knows I have ways of slipping in and out of New K unnoticed and his people asked if I would talk to you. I owed him for negotiating with New K over the killings. I would have just got us all killed if it weren\u8217\'92t for him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nila really digs him. I don\u8217\'92t know what to think. Some days I don\u8217\'92t even know whether to think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ines laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Verdad! So what are you going to be when you grow up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He told her about choosing AI interfacer and why.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Trying to keep your head down. Your shoes, smart move. No need to shame yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks. It just feels lame.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Be lame if you told me how cool it was. You see all that muck and marsh out there? Fastest person in the world no faster than me running across that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not sure I follow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The wet world made everyone lame. No prize for first, only for finishing. Go easy, stay easy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Says the woman who hung on a zipline over raging waters to get an old truck across the river.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You the sharp one. Yeah, no one said I had any sense. But I grew up in the shit. You just smell it from over here. Different to walk in it every day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Verdad. But I\u8217\'92m not sure they\u8217\'92ll let me stay out of it. I\u8217\'92m finding out there\u8217\'92s a lot they don\u8217\'92t tell you in school.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t know. Never been. But yeah, New K lies about everything, in case you were wondering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Was coming around to that point of view. Nila, actually, helped me see a lot of that. But I\u8217\'92m not as brave as her. Or you. I\u8217\'92m just trying, like you say, to keep my head down. Maybe sometimes, though, I want to poke it up and make a difference.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell the man. That\u8217\'92s Raefe\u8217\'92s territory, organizing shit. I\u8217\'92m just trying to keep my dad alive and the people around me dry. But REM, he always thinking about bringing people into the fight, even just a little.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how I can help, but I would like to know. Good to have options. And thanks for bringing the news. I miss her already. But I guess I knew this was going to happen, her leaving. At least she\u8217\'92s safe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, New Kendall can\u8217\'92t grab her up now. She\u8217\'92ll hear about our talk, one way or another. So keep thinking of her. She don\u8217\'92t tangle great yet, but she might get to where she can find you from wherever she\u8217\'92s going. Maybe you tangle a bit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not really. I think I\u8217\'92m easy to read when I\u8217\'92m relaxed around someone I trust. But I got no way to find them, no way to scan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting. Probably a lot of people like you. That\u8217\'92s one thing Raefe didn\u8217\'92t count on \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  maybe everyone can\u8217\'92t tangle. Or don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d love to. I just can\u8217\'92t. But yeah, if Nila can reach out, that would be great. I\u8217\'92m not mad at her for leaving. I just miss her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We all got a lot of people we miss. I should go now.\u8221\'94 She darted off along the river bank, away from the bridge. She disappeared into a stand of trees and then he couldn\u8217\'92t see her at all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}