{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aleron disentangled from the stream. She had stayed connected to Raefe almost to the end, watching as he and Lina clung to a shard of the power dam, battered by the relentless ocean, terrified, waiting for death. It never stopped being impossible, watching the strivings of conscious beings in these terrible moments, but she felt it was not possible to be a Guardian without doing it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now she focused her mind back to the Guardian waveform, she could feel the others  going through the same emotions. She had to calm herself and concentrate on the future. Raef had less than a half hour left. In the corner of her mind that tended to such things, she asked the room to make the walls soothing. They showed a blue green gradient that evoked the sky meeting a forest. She let her mind clear the fear she had felt through Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He is strongly entangled, this Raefe. Even near the end, I have rarely felt someone unenhanced as he is so sensitive to the wave function.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is true,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon felt, sending her a wash of sympathy. He knew her role as primary contact was draining. \u8220\'93If only more of his kind were as in tune.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I sense many are, more than they know. I still believe there is a backbone in this race that may yet overcome the usual obstacles,\u8221\'94 she let him know. \u8220\'93After all, they were trying to undo the damage they had done, and not even for personal gain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But she could feel a hard strain in the waveform. Some of the Guardians were unconvinced about this place called Earth, these beings called People. She sensed their impatience and wondered why.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You the People as being on the edge of transition to something better,\u8221\'94 Hankori answered. \u8220\'93But I see a very small number of People who fit that description and many more who contribute to their own destruction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t felt their emotions, you don\u8217\'92t understand how their minds work,\u8221\'94 Aleron answered. \u8220\'93They are passionate, they love life. They have not learned how to read their own emotions, but we have guarded many less promising species, and many of them  crossed the threshold past destruction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The simulations back Aleron up,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon said. \u8220\'93This Raefe, he can be someone who heals and leads his own species down a better path. But we must act. He doesn\u8217\'92t yet know that the there has been a catastrophic slide of the largest remaining Antartic ice sheet, and that all the oceans will reach equilibrium at 45 feet higher than they were 100 years ago. With all of his promise, he will not be able to effect change with such vast destruction to the coastal areas of this world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is just what I mean,\u8221\'94 Hankori said. \u8220\'93You want us to continue with a world where we only have one contact, who is himself very immature, and is sitting on an artifical rock on a ravaged world where a billion people are going to die in the next year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In this timeline, yes, Hankori,\u8221\'94 Salmerikon answered. \u8220\'93But there are many kinder time lines. I have already entangled him with one. Per the usual protocol, he will wake up in a new timeline, unaware of this mass extinction and his own impending death. The simulations suggest that we will have most, maybe all, of his remaining life, to work with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I strongly object, Salmerikon,\u8221\'94 Hankori replied. \u8220\'93You have no right to waste our resources on pet projects with no hope of success.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Enough!\u8221\'94 Salmerikon\u8217\'92s thoughts had become cold and hard. \u8220\'93It is exactly my role to make such a decision. And I cannot fathom why you would object. We know from experience that a species whose time lines vary over so many outcomes is promising.  Many alternate possibilities mean there are many ways for them to succeed, not just many ways to fail. Aleron, you will have some more time to nudge these People away from their precipice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. Such an old word \endash  precipice \endash  harkening back to when the Guardians had not yet left their cliff dwellings, to before they had actually been Guardians, millennia ago when unknown to themselves, other Guardians had shepherded them past the threshold. For an instant, her mind felt her fingers gripping the table they were sitting around, the raw pressure of it pushing aside the warm bath of the wave function her mind lived. She gave herself these little nano-moments \endash  she had to if she was going to entangle with non-enhanced beings like Raefe. She understood that Salmerikon was making her see that Raefe would be terrified, even as he emerged in the new time line, like a man peering out of cave that used to open on flat ground, and now looked out only at a drop off of thousands of feet. She had work to do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She shifted her attention back to the wormhole interface network, to the node that captured the entangled stream that gathered Earth\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s information matrix. One of her enhancements combed the stream of wave functions until she found Raefe\u8217\'92s. He was asleep, thankfully, the exhaustion of catastrophe plunging him into a deep but troubled sleep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He would awake as if none of that happened, in a world where none of it yet had. It would be the same morning he had awakened only hours before. He would not know nor would he be likely to understand that he was now in a different time line. There would be tiny differences from his old world that might puzzle him, but his species had many moments like that \endash  without enhancement, they were subject to imperfect memories and were easily suggestible.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She found the dream in his mind. He was on the mound of appliances, searching frantically for Lina. If he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t find her, he would awake in a panic, his mind still retaining the memories of the very real flood that had happened in his old timeline. They would be imprinted in parts of his mind he wasn\u8217\'92t even aware of, nor could he access them. These panics would return, and seem quite real, and might eventually push him over his own precipice, into madness. Until then, he would waste more time trying to undo his dreaming, listening to Demo. The AI was no more than a blind machine \endash  and a very primitive one at that \endash  as effective as trying to understand a riot of color by measuring wavelengths. The AI could not help him now. She wanted him to feel his potential to connect, to heal.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She found his feelings about Lina and merged them with his dream. Now he turned and she presented herself to him as Lina. She imagined being Lina, and the energy of that flowed through the wormhole and entangled with his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the dream, he smiled at her. She smiled back, and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You saved us. We were all goners.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s all gone,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92\u8217\'92s all water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can make it fresh water,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It will sink into the ground and everything will grow back. Kiss me and you will see how to do it.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He did. That was the first thing he remembered from the dream when he woke up.}}