{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I stood in the ditch, unsure of what to do next. If Ma went away on her own, I\'92d leave her be, and keep my promise to God so she\'92d be happy. But if she needed help... \
My stomach felt queasy. What if I found her? What if she didn\'92t want me to find her? Was I that worthless? Isolation suffocated me, abandonment shamed me. \
Pa was gone, but why would I care? Pa was a monster. And Ma? She allowed him to be a monster. Didn\'92t she care Pa was doing Bee? Why did she let it happen? But he was my Pa. And she was my Ma. \
Pa had taught me how to drive a tractor, and plant a field. Because of him, I thew a punch stronger than most, and held my own in most fights. And Ma? She got it worse than me. Did I allow Pa to beat her? Maybe I deserved what I got because I didn\'92t protect Ma enough. \
Although glad Bee wasn't here, I was beginning to worry she had been gone too long. She was old enough to take care of herself, but I worried. Where did she go? Maybe for the best, she didn't need this kind of stress. But she would insist I look for Ma, and the only thing worse than disappointing Bee, was disappointing Ma. \
"Damn it." I slammed the truck door. \
Ma couldn\'92t have gone far. I surveyed the nearby grounds. My throat tightened at the sight of drag marks and footprints heading away from the crash. I gasped for air. Twenty yards out, they stopped. A scuffle, maybe, twigs bent, dirt mussed. I surveyed the area. Who had been here? \
I searched about a quarter mile from the road. Brush wasn\'92t too thick but thick enough for Ma to hide. But nothing. My mouth went dry. No sign of her. No patch of disturbed dirt the size of Pa. Not even that old shovel, the one with my made-up family crest that I had burned into the handle during my possessive days as a kid. That shovel should be here, I'd seen Ma toss it into the truck when she had driven off with Pa's body. \
I searched further in, the dense brush scratching my legs, but still nothing. But then, over the rise, the thicket opened up into a field of dry grass. From the high-ground, a large patch of grass stomped down, about 30 yards out caught my eye. With my next step, deep within the grass, a flock of quail squawked and rushed the sky. I jumped, my heart raced. Once recovered, I chuckled at myself. \
The adrenalin quickened my step. The dry grass raked against my legs as it swayed in the wind. Focused on the flattened area, I moved towards it. The winds swirled. Clouds gathered. First sign of rain in months. I needed to hurry. Unless it came on slow, a flash food might whip through and wash away my truck in the river bottom. Best case, I\'92d be stuck here for hours, even days, before it cleared enough to get the pickup out. Worse case, it could wash me away. \
I reached the flattened grass. A rectangle, about six feet by three feet with fresh dirt on top. Was this Pa? \
The wind whistled through the trees. \
This didn\'92t make sense. The storm-scented air filled my nostrils. From this vantage point, I spotted three more mounds, hidden in plain sight amongst the grasses. \
I sprinted to each one, not sure what I\'92d find. I recalled the babies\'92 graves. What would I find in these graves? A few had been here awhile; brownish green grass about three inches tall withered on top. One mound looked newer for the sprouts barely poked out. \
I\'92d gone full circle returning to the first grave I'd found. With my hands on my knees, I caught my breath looking at the dirt. This grave was recent. \
Thunder rumbled through the valley. \
Should I dig up these graves? Was Pa in one? Was Ma? \
The sudden chill of the on-coming storm dwarfed the heat of my concern.\
I paced around the first grave, corralling my thoughts, but a loud boom from across the field distracted me. It must have been thunder. But the sky responded with a raucous thunder that convinced me the first boom was not thunder at all. What was that? I started in that direction, but the first drizzle dotted the fresh grave, forcing me to reconsider. The winds picked up even more, dust swirled everywhere, turning me towards home. \
I jogged through the field trying to protect my shins as best I could. The time between drops decreased. When I entered the thicket, the drizzle turned to light rain. At first, the ground refused to soak up the water, but it wouldn\'92t take long for it to change its mind and drink in this life-giving miracle. \
I ran the rest of the way, and made it to the truck in 30 minutes. \
 I jumped in and prayed for it to start. \
For once God listened. The truck started right up, but I guess I should have been more clear in my prayer. The tree held tight to the front bumper, spinning my tires. I slammed my palm against the steering wheel. \
In between the thunder roars, more muted booms echoing in the distance. I leaped out, hustled around to the front, and jumped on the bumper. It released its hug with the tree, but the tires sunk more into the soft dirt. The tires needed something other than sand to grab. With my shirt dotted with rain, I checked the bed. God anticipated my need, because there laid a five-foot wood plank. \
I jammed the plank under the tire, thankful for the truck's odd angle that raised the tire about an inch from the ground. \
It was still early afternoon, but the dark clouds drowned the sun into mimicking early evening. My legs slid onto the cheap vinyl seats, patched and re-patched over the years. I threw the truck in reverse and nudged the gas pedal. The tires grabbed the plank hauling the truck out of the ditch. \
"Thank you, God," I sighed and made my way onto the road. \
Around the corner, through the brush, I spotted a ball of dust coming toward me from the opposite direction. Bobby\'92s warning echoed in my ears. With the truck in neutral, I guided it into a wide ditch with slopping sides and rolled behind some brush and Palo Verde trees. I turned off the engine, cocked the shotgun, and hunched down spying the road. \
A new, gold, four-door, 2004 Ford dually sped by with a dark four-door Chevy beater choking on its dust. They never slowed. \
Half tempted to follow, I thought better of it. When my pulse resumed to normal, I pulled onto the road.\
The sight of the gold truck plagued me. Where had I seen it before? Scenes from previous days played out. Jeb\'92s store. That was it. The gold dually had been outside of Jeb\'92s store several times in the last few months. \
The storm cleared as fast as it started. Mother Nature teasing the farmers. Not enough rain to save any crop, but enough to muck up the windshield. \
I turned on the road that led to our driveway. Up ahead I saw Betty, our cow, grazing in a field to my left. I was sure she had been in the barn when I left. I looked to the sky. The thunder might have spooked her, and she had bolted from the barn. \
"What the\'85?" I hit the brakes. \
One of our hens roosted in the middle of the road. The screech of the brakes caused it to flap its wings wildly, but it didn\'92t go anywhere, it just sat there, panicked. Confused, I got out of the truck and fully expected it to skitter away, but it didn\'92t. The hen groaned a low, gurgling sound. I squatted to pick her up. \
Then I saw it. She 
\f1\i couldn\'92t
\f0\i0  move.\
Someone had cut off her legs. \
 \
 \
 \
\
 \
\
	}