{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Very long distance romance}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 March 19, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t heard from Lina in three weeks. At first, he chalked it up to her being out in the bush somewhere around Kilunga. A quick look at the satmaps showed there was, indeed, a lot of bush around Kilunga and little else. But if he\u8217\'92d woken up worried, he was beside himself now. He\u8217\'92d gotten a message from her mother, who had heard through the Chinese government that she had escaped a kidnapping and was safe, but now somewhere in the bush.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was almost 6 months now since he had been with her, in their other life, on that island, minutes from death. How had they let it go this long and not found a way to get together? He closed the window shade, turned off the room light. He folded his bed back into a couch and sat on the edge, as quiet and still as he could. He closed his eyes and thought of her face. A moment from when they had just met returned, one of the few memories he had of that life that was older than a year. They were sitting at a coffee cart in Union Square; he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t quite remember the name. It was a beautiful spring day and the coffee exploded in his mouth in a shower of bitter, chocolate, and molasses foam. He smiled and she laughed. Her face filled his mind\u8217\'92s eye \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  her anarchic curls, her cinammon skin, the slightly square nose that seemed neither African or Chinese \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and a fountain of longing burst from inside him toward the sky.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then he felt something back. A brush of fingertips raising the hair on the back of his neck. A whisper in his ear making him alert. A keening. And then it was gone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He sat frozen, afraid to move even a millimeter. After a minute or two, he felt the desperation of knowing she might not come back and a cry flew out from inside him. Had he actually shouted it, or was it just in his head? He wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Raefe, are you OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who was it? A woman\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, not Lina\u8217\'92s. A neighbor?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you hear me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was Aleron.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I forget sometimes you can come when I\u8217\'92m awake. You heard me crying out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I heard both of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You heard Lina?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, she heard you but could not hold on to your thoughts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, I didn\u8217\'92t expect her empathic powers to be that strong. I was really just reaching out in desperation, no expectations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You both are much stronger now. Empathy builds its own strength.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You have to tell me \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  is she OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, tired but safe. She can tell you all about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I can wait until I see her. I\u8217\'92m going crazy here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will find her and connect you,\u8221\'94 realizing in that moment that this was what Salmerikon had done on Truro Island. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Yes, but I am only strengthening an existing entanglement, not rewiring someone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s brain without their knowledge. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yet she realized she would do exactly that in this moment if that was what it would take to keep Raefe going. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I am no better than Salmerikon, it would seem.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Only a few seconds later, Raefe felt another mind. He had never experienced more than his one to ones with Aleron. It took him a second to tease out the two streams. Now he could sense Lina, and his head was filled with warm light. He had a million questions and he sensed that so did she. He tried to speak, but he felt her thoughts flooding into his mind and great streams of ideas flowing out of him toward her. Seconds, minutes, many minutes \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he had no idea \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  passed and then he felt his mind settle.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will leave you now,\u8221\'94 Aleron said. \u8220\'93I think you have much to say to each other and little to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}