{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 The belly of the beast}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0 Raefe stood at the front of the ferry, watching Ilfracombe come closer. The rocky peninsula that rose 50 meters out of the ocean was a natural sea wall for the harbor, preserving the docks from flooding. Behind the docks, hills rose steeply into the North Devon countryside. After a week of traipsing around the North and Wales, he had made it to South England, Ltd. He felt a sense of excitement \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he would be entering the belly of the beast, one of the largest and richest corporate states in the world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 He wandered down to the vehicle deck to find the car and Claire. She had stuck with him through the trip, his guide and protector. The blizzard had hit Newcastle only hours after they left and hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t stopped yet. She had become much quieter as the week wore on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fancy a pint when we land,\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93I figure you could use one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe later, guv,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Want to keep my wits about me down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say knock off the \u8216\'91guv,\u8217\'92 but down here they\u8217\'92ll like that you say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just a habit, really,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Been in the Urban Gypsies for years now, but them\u8217\'92s giving the orders, still\u8217\'92s the guv. And with all due, guv, you\u8217\'92re not just some office boss. We\u8217\'92ve all got a lot riding on what you\u8217\'92re up to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92ll try not to disappoint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 They had swapped Claire\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Northern Electric truck for one of Vietnam\u8217\'92s finest, a Peach three-wheeled fuel celler. With its plug-in conversion kit for rainy days and optional solar panels for sunny ones, it was probably the most popular car on the entire island of Britain.  And there\u8217\'92s was painted in  default Buddha Orange \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  their car would not give them away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll connect my puter to the car so we know where we\u8217\'92re going,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. Claire had used the onboard puter with the truck, but he suspected she was a typical Urban Gypsy when it came to being unable to afford net fees for her own puter. \u8220\'93Kayam, take us to the Tunnel Beaches.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Kayam?\u8221\'94 Claire laughed. \u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d you call it that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Long story,\u8221\'94 he said, watching the patchwork of lively streets and derelict neighborhoods out the window. \u8220\'93He was a guy I knew when I was a kid. Used to hang with my girlfriend at his coffee stand. Had my first puter then, used to watch the news vids while we had our morning coffee. He was an early fugee, he always wanted to know what the news was. I was always saying, \u8216\'91Computer, what happened in the Caliphate last night? Kayam wants to know.\u8217\'92 So when full AI interfaces came in a few years later, it was my own little joke to say \u8216\'91Kayam, what\u8217\'92s happening in the news.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What ever happened to Kayam?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t know. It was turbulent times. We were all moving around. He and his partner, Kiko, they lost their stand to one of the first big coastal floods. We were all scattered to the winds.\u8221\'94 He stopped, realizing he was talking about his first life. Every now and then, random memories from that past emerged as if they were part of this life. Still only Lina knew about that, but he suspected the twins had figured it out. Not much got by them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How have you kept your wits about you through all of this?\u8221\'94 Claire wondered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only 35 and it wears me down. And you\u8217\'92ve been fighting this fight almost as long as I\u8217\'92ve been alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I wasn\u8217\'92t conscious back then. Just a victim, like everyone else. Only we didn\u8217\'92t even know it back then. We were like drunks with a hangover \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  felt terrible but remembered the party from the night before. Still thought there would be more parties than hangovers. What was wearying was trying to figure out what to do. Have you been to Trafalgar or Picadilly in London?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, sure, back in the old UK days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Even then, right, certain streets would have these massive streams of bicycles, motorbikes, three wheelers, taxis and the occasional big old auto. And if you had to cross, it was just bewildering. You wound up just wandering through it, trusting no one would hit you. Only that\u8217\'92s where the metaphor breaks down: no one was actually steering the \u8216\'91cars\u8217\'92 in life and you could get run over very easily. Just bad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that why you got involved with the Free?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes and no. There were no Free yet. There were people like Goodstuff Benjamin, who started the New Voodo Army way back in the 2040s. Citizens of Nowhere went back into the \u8216\'9130s. But I didn\u8217\'92t know about any of that. I was just a kid, a software grunt, and then I began to feel these connections to other people. Not in some poetic way, but real connections. I could feel people\u8217\'92s emotions, and that meant I knew who I could trust. And with fugees, that\u8217\'92s huge. Every fugee mistrusts everyone around them, and everywhere they go, everyone mistrusts them. And with the weather and the corpos, fugees were fast becoming the world\u8217\'92s leading product. And it was starting to get ugly \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  riots, killings, you know all of that. And I realized I had a chance to help stop it. Maybe even to find a way forward. Nothing else felt important at that point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 This was the narrative he had crafted over the years to explain himself but also to hide his first life and the Guardians. In the old days, he and Lina had talked with Aleron many times about that. She had strongly urged them to never reveal that, and they had acceded to her in that. In his heart, he still felt that humanity would be much better off knowing about the Guardians and the broad history of intelligent life in the Galaxy. But maybe it would be another thousand or two years before that would be truly helpful to human beings. He had to trust her on that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fair weather on you for that, mate,\u8221\'94 Claire said. \u8220\'93So where we headed in little Ilfracombe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve set up a meet with a contact who can help us evade the corpo police. He\u8217\'92s got us meeting an an old changing house where there used to be a beach on a small inlet. There\u8217\'92s tunnels under the cliffs from the changing house to where the beach was \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that\u8217\'92s all washed away now, but the tunnels are still there. Should be safe and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Had to give up the artillery when we ditched the truck, but I still got these,\u8221\'94 she said, raising her hands in the air. \u8220\'93In case it\u8217\'92s not all sunshine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s going to go bad, it\u8217\'92s going to go bad and we\u8217\'92re just fucked. Besides, it would be better if he doesn\u8217\'92t see you. I\u8217\'92ll know if he\u8217\'92s with other people. If he\u8217\'92s alone, you can stand watch on the road. You\u8217\'92ve got your Voice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92ll let you know if trouble\u8217\'92s coming.\u8221\'94}}