{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "What the hell\'96\'96? Aiden jumped up and rushed to help Suzie to a chair near the door of his garage. \
"I've had worse," I said faking a smile. \
"Where were you? I've been searching for you all night." 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 [Aiden Searching all night for Suzie when she was kidnapped. 
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0 Aiden dabbed Suzie's face with a rag, wiping the blood away. \
"El Brutal's boys got me." I winced. \
"Angel told us. What were you thinking Suzie? You can't blackmail the Cartel."\
My pain morphed into anger. "Why not? What are we supposed to do? Nothing?"\
Aiden's silence fueled my ire. \
"Just sit here and let them kill Ma and Bee? Because why? Because they're bullies who have this whole town shaking in their boots? It's about time someone stood up to them." \
Aiden sat with his head in his hands. 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 [Maybe add him saying something about comparing her standing up to them to her standing up to her Pa.]
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0 \
"I shouldn't have come here," I said whipping off the remaining blood on my face. "Sorry to have bothered you." \
Aiden grabbed my arm as I turned for the door. "Suzie, wait," he said in a calm quite voice. "I'm sorry. Sit back down. Let's talk this through." \
I wanted to leave. I wanted to stay. I wanted my life back and wanted this whole damn mess to go away and get back to they way they were. Handling Pa's beating were getting easier, Suzie handled his midnight visits, and Ma, she was okay, even she would want to go back to normal rather than this. We each had our role, we each took our cuts. \
"If they did this to me, what have they done to Ma and Bee?" I shivered. \
"Come on, sit down." Aiden ushered me back into the chair. "Let's start with where they took you." \
"The make shift building directly behind the motorhome," I said. \
"Hmmm," Aiden responded with a furrowed brow. \
"I know. I know. That's where I thought they had Ma and Bee." \
"And you didn't see any sign of your Ma?"\
"No. But then I search the motorhome." \
"Christ Suzie, the motorhome." \
"It was all hands on deck searching for me. They thought I had left, so they all fanned out. I'd never get a chance like that again." \
I felt the papers tucked into the small of my back. Once in the motorhome it was clear Bee and Ma weren't there. Everyone had left in a hurry. Warm coffee cups sat on the desks, a half-eaten hamburger lay on top of its wrapper, with fries spilled out around it. Envelopes stood ready to be filled with the day's pay for each man. Half of them were filled. Even the safe stood open, its content beckoning me. Careful not to leave a trace, I left the money untouched. I perused the papers. I wasn't sure what I was looking at, but it had to leverage. I copied numerous pages, and placed the originals back in safe where I found them. \
"Suzie?"\
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Should I tell him?
\f0\i0  \
"They kept asking where Pa was and what did he know..." Something was off. \
"What is it?" Aiden asked. \
"What they didn't ask about was their stash?" It was as if a light bulb had turned on. "And they didn't use Ma and Bee as a bargaining chip to get me to talk," I said shaking my head. \
"So, you're suggesting they don't have your Ma?" \
"I don't know." \
Why didn't he mention Bee? And why did his oversight trigger anger in me? With Pa's absence, Bee seemed to fade into the background, even for me. Guilt rushed through my veins. \
"What I do know, is that Pa is in serious danger. I didn't think they'd go after him. I was just trying to deflect attention from me when I forged that note in his writing. They will kill him."\
"Good. He'll reap what he sowed," said Aiden. \
I knew Aiden was right, but he was still my Pa. }