{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Meeting of the Minds}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 May 21, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Living in Dadaab felt nothing like Cambridge to Raefe. In Cambridge, he was surrounded by a dense fog from which he could sense just the dimmest light of people\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings. Here fog was a thin mist and the dim light was replaced by soft whispers, each person distinct and sometimes comprehensible.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I feel like it wouldn\u8217\'92t take much to connect with most of these people,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Some of them, like Edna, are so close to being able to entangle,\u8221\'94 Lina replied. \u8220\'93They finish each other\u8217\'92s sentences so often it\u8217\'92s more like someone started the other person\u8217\'92s thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I asked Aleron if she could nudge them over the line,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but she won\u8217\'92t. She says they made an exception with you and then by connecting us, but we must find our own way. Otherwise, it could turn out badly. But I don\u8217\'92t know how to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then he felt hungry, yet happy that it was a cool day. But they weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t his feelings.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That was Edna\u8217\'92s daughter, Fatima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can feel her mind that way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I have been around her for many weeks and know her mind well. But we have grown closer, too. I wanted to see if I could do that, connect your mind to hers through mine. And it worked?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t just me feeling your idea of her? That was her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, she is a very intuitive person, like her mother. So it was easier with her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But she can\u8217\'92t feel your thoughts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not yet,\u8221\'94 she smiled. \u8220\'93But I have an idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later, she bumped into Edna.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You will come to my daughter\u8217\'92s ceremony this afternoon, after Friday prayers?\u8221\'94 Edna asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t be at prayers, but yes, for Fatima I will be there,\u8221\'94 Lina replied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is your first time, for such a ceremony?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Is there anything I need to know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, just look for the hut with the red banners near the dining hall at the far end of the camp. Everything will  explain itself. Here, we have so many different traditions we do not worry too much about doing things just so. It is enough to do them at all. I will be with the mothers, and we will sing. Fatima will drink a special tea we will make her, so that she can hear the truth of what we sing. And then we will dress her and she will return to her family and friends a woman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And able to entangle, thought Lina. She felt Raefe in her mind, excited by her plan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You realize how big this is,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93To see if we can create a whole new kind of human relationship?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m trying just to think about it like a new kind puter message,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93One that doesn\u8217\'92t need a puter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When the time came, Lina had trouble calming herself. Making small talk with the other women was excruciating.Then the ceremonial tea was served, and Lina found herself slowly being more drawn into the group.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She  had thought through carefully what was about to happen. She would concentrate on Fatima, reaching out, gently touching her mind. Raefe would be in the nearby dining hall, pretending to read a book but actually monitoring what he could of the other women. Since Truro Island, they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d not been able to move their new world off of the same path as their old one. Now, maybe, they could take a first step in creating the kind of world the Guardians seemed to live in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edna and a few of her long-time friends began the ceremony. Edna spoke in Swahili, but some of the songs she and the other women sang were in other languages she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t understand. Some also sounded like Arabic prayers. Finally, Fatima was brought into the middle of the tent, all the other women around her in a circle. She wore her normal clothes, except for a new red headscarf.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edna said more words in a language Lina didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know. Then Fatima began to sing those words and more in the same language. The song was long, and Fatima fell into its rhythms, her voice now speaking from somewhere inside her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina found Fatima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind easily. Lina heard the thoughts in the song, of creation, of every woman\u8217\'92s part in the creation of the world, and of the worlds to come. Lina could feel Fatima\u8217\'92s joy. When Fatima was done, she sat quietly, a huge grin on her face. Another woman began a song, this one a bit racey, about a woman and a man. Certain lines brought laughter from some of the women. No need to translate, Lina thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lina calmed herself and focused on Fatima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. \u8220\'93I am happy for you,\u8221\'94 she thought, repeating the thought as in a chant. After a minute or so, she felt Fatima register her presence in her thoughts. The girl was a bit alarmed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why does it seem like Lina is in my mind,\u8221\'94 Fatima asked herself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because we are in each other\u8217\'92s minds,\u8221\'94 Lina answered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, my mother never said anything about this. Is this part of being a woman? Sometimes it feels like the aunties are in each other\u8217\'92s minds,\u8221\'94 Fatima thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, this is just you and me,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93We have made a strong connection since I came. I could feel your thoughts easily.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you read other people\u8217\'92s minds?\u8221\'94 Fatima thought. \u8220\'93Can they read yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I can read a few other people\u8217\'92s minds, and they mine. I believe we can all do this eventually. You seemed open to it, so I thought I\u8217\'92d try. I think the tea helped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What if I don\u8217\'92t want to share my thoughts with you?\u8221\'94 Fatima asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you feel this part of your mind?\u8221\'94 Lina asked, touching a certain part of her thoughts lightly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Focus on that and make that the center of your thoughts.\u8221\'94 She felt Fatima\u8217\'92s thoughts gradually fade way. She made eye contact with her and made a \u8220\'93OK?\u8221\'94 face. She felt Fatima come back to her mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We will talk more later, Fatima,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93For now, I just wanted to say congratulations.\u8221\'94 She felt Fatima\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The ceremony went on some, but Lina felt drained. She stayed long enough to eat some of the little cakes on offer, and then wandered out of the tent. She felt Raefe reaching out to her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think that went OK,\u8221\'94 Lina said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You were able to entangle with her?\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and she with me. I showed her how to block her thoughts, too. And then she initiated contact again. But it was exhausting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For my part, I could feel other minds sort of paying attention, but no more. I think they felt a disturbance, like a  breeze, but nothing too upsetting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She walked to the edge of the camp, wanting to be alone and regroup. She sat on the ground, a tree between her back and the camp. Some large birds were perched on a tree in the distance, their occasional squawks managing to sound both languid and menacing. She could see they were taking turns feeding on a dead animal below them. The warm breezes felt good and soon she felt herself slipping into a dreamless sleep. She awoke suddenly, as if her mind had sensed danger. It was almost dark now and the light was falling like a soft dark curtain. She realized someone was standing in front of her. Lina made herself very still and quiet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94 the stranger asked. It was Edna\u8217\'92s voice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean? You know who I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Millima Kawambai-Yang, now Lina. But who are you really? Are you a witch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why would you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In the tent, you touched my daughter\u8217\'92s mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She told you this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, she knows nothing of this. I felt it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can feel other people\u8217\'92s minds?\u8221\'94 Lina asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, a little. Not like a witch, but a little.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a witch. I\u8217\'92m just Lina. I can feel other people\u8217\'92s thoughts, and sometimes they can feel mine. I think all of you can almost do it. Your troubles have brought you together. And your ideas have made you open to each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you touch Fatima\u8217\'92s mind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I feel her thoughts all of the time \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she is like a radio broadcasting. I wanted her to feel mine. To talk and feel each other\u8217\'92s thoughts better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you feel mine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, sometimes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And doing what you do \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it\u8217\'92s not dangerous to her? Or to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s not that different than when you feel a deep connection with someone. Only now, it\u8217\'92s in words and it\u8217\'92s alive \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  you\u8217\'92re trading your thoughts and feelings as if talking. But clearer, because the right words are not always easy to find.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Teach me to do this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because if we could all do this, we could heal our wounds and be stronger. We could learn trust. And who not to trust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so glad you said that, because that was my purpose. I have never done this before. Fatima was just the person who it seemed easiest with. I wanted to wait and see what happened. I can\u8217\'92t teach everyone, and certainly not at once. Will you trust me to wait?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She is my daughter. I want to protect her if she needs it. If you teach me now, I won\u8217\'92t say anything until you want me to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will need help \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  our connection is not yet strong. I might need Raefe to help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He can do this, too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, he showed me how. He is very strong this way. Will you come to our tent around 10? We can see what we can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will come with Fatima. I don\u8217\'92t want her to feel alone in this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK. Edna \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  I want you to know I would never hurt Fatima. Everything we do, Raefe and I, we have been hurt, too. We want to find a new way to heal. We want to prevent all of this, and worse, from happening to the whole world.\u8221\'94 She point with her head toward the camp.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you are telling the truth, I will help you. But for now, you should be careful who you say what to. Some people will be afraid of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}