{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Only a few days had passed, but Diver hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t been able to wait for Adno\u8217\'92s school to tell her what they had found. Maybe it was a one in a thousand shot that she would be able to spot anything useful combing through the archives one record at a time, but it felt better than doing nothing. And more interesting \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 what a vibrant galaxy they lived in! For everyone of the Guardian worlds, there were a hundred others bustling with complex life forms. She forgot about the search for intelligent life and just enjoyed the many and varied creatures of the Milky Way. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The records were fascinating but incomplete. Many species had been marked as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not evolved\u8221\'94 without her being able to understand why \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  worlds where there were species that thrived in the millions and billions, that had clearly some form of intelligence, some form of social organization, and evidence that they had evolved in the last thousands and millions of years. It was a puzzle that she was having trouble deciphering.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But on WaterEye, they had figured much of it out. Later that day, she felt the same surreptitious energy that Adno used, but this time it was Antithikos, the son she had not seen since coming back to Traveller\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Perch. Still, they were often in touch and his energy and warmth were a familiar pleasure to her. They exchanged pleasantries as usual and then she felt a switch in Anti\u8217\'92s waveform.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t felt this shape to your waveform before,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, and neither has anyone else,\u8221\'94 he replied. \u8220\'93Anyone who searches for my spectrum in the waveform will miss me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are being extra careful?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Can you feel how I do this? You should, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t fully understand how he disguised his mental signature, but she tried to imitate it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Close,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Just focus on this\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She could feel a little corner of his mind \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it was different, unusual, but she saw what it was. Adno\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s people were so adept at this! But if Anti could learn it, so could she. She tried and there it was, she had it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, I think we can be alone now,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93The school has worked very hard these last few days and we\u8217\'92ve discovered a lot. The first thing to understand is that Hankori was up to much more when he was an ambassador, and then head ambassador, then you realized. His disastrous experiments with Earth timelines were only part of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And that was bad enough!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93What else have you found?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll get to that,\u8221\'94 Anti said. \u8220\'93But first I think I should tell you what you wanted to know \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  have we missed intelligent species to ally with because we didn\u8217\'92t understand them? Basically, yes, and many.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93While I was waiting for your work to be done I read many records myself. I saw so many that said \u8220\'93Not Evolved\u8221\'94 but had nothing to document that. And many seemed like they probably had progressed, even from the scant descriptions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very good. You\u8217\'92ve already discovered part of the problem. You have to go back before anyone alive today was around, perhaps about 10,000 years ago. You must know of the Shadow Nebula civilization?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, the Guardian planet that was destroyed by an unexpected nova of the star they orbited. We would be 21 worlds today if not for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the one. But none of us knew much about the Shadow people. They were a highly social species, one that had evolved over millions of years from a social colony. As they evolved, they transformed from simple individuals in a complex hive to complex individuals in an even more complex hive. They had many characteristics similar to Adno\u8217\'92s people. And here\u8217\'92s the interesting part \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  when the Guardians recruited them as the 16th species to join the alliance, all of the ambassadors understood that the Shadow people were different than life on the other worlds. In fact, they were excited to discover a new model of advanced intelligence. They thought it might hold a clue to the Guardian\u8217\'92s future.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How is it that this is now forgotten?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an interesting tale. The Shadow people were very influential. While we think of them as disappearing 10,000 years ago, they were first recruited about 50,000 years ago. In the 40,000 years that they were part of the Guardians, they did much to advance the search for other intelligent species. They were very clear to the rest of alliance that their kind of intelligence was different \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that their brains were different, that the way they communicated with each other was subtly different, and that the benefits and downsides of their evolutionary path were also different. The alliance, as I said, was excited because now we were gaining a more general view of intelligent life in the galaxy. And with the help of the Shadow people, the Guardians developed a very sophisticated rubric for identifying intelligent species that might otherwise escape our attention. It was that rubric that led to Adno\u8217\'92s people being brought into the fold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was trained as an ambassador, yet I never heard much of them and none of this. How can that be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93After the Shadow people were wiped out, their ideas began to fade. Other than Adno\u8217\'92s people, none of the Guardian worlds really understood how they thought, how they experienced life and reality. Our empathic abilities just couldn\u8217\'92t stretch that far. With each new generation, the Guardians reverted a little more to what was familiar to them. As Far Flier told you, we are most comfortable tangling with minds that work in similar ways. So by the time Hankori became an ambassador, interest in novel lifeforms had waned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And he took advantage of that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but it\u8217\'92s worse. He stumbled on the Shadow rubric, now buried deep in the archives. At first, he was very excited. He was just a cadet. He was on fire to study the rubric, to put it to work. His mentors \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  all gone now \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  discouraged him No one really understood what the Shadow rubric meant. But he actually did. He became fascinated with it, studying it secretly. He became an ambassador \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  not really his kind of thing \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 just so he could implement it. His early reports are very much in line with the rubric.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know he had a son that was killed in an accident, about 700 years ago?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I did. And that changed him?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, he couldn\u8217\'92t cope with death. He kind of lost his mind. And he began to see the Shadow story in a new light. After all, for all of their promise, a single stellar moment had destroyed them. This was the beginning of his obsession with immortality. He began to conflate the loss of his son and the extinction of the Shadow people. If only his son had been pure energy, he would still be alive, just like the Shadow people, is how he saw it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So that was the start of his immortality scheme? Seven hundred years ago? My, he was patient.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And devious,\u8221\'94 Anti said. \u8220\'93Just as strongly as he felt that we needed to chase immortality, he felt that enlarging the Guardians was a waste of time. Since the best prospects for growing the alliance were species that fit these broader notions of intelligence, he saw his opportunity. He wormed his way into greater influence in the ambassador core, and began to slowly bury not only the Shadow rubric, but any ongoing projects that had come from it. Earth was the last one still going. He tried to sabotage it with his timeline shenanigans and then finally with the plot that your and father mother discovered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What a disaster!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93My whole feeling about the Guardians continues to decline. We have kidded ourselves for centuries. We have done much good, but we are blind to our failures and flaws.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we have to face that. But maybe it is not so gloomy as you say. After all, the Shadow rubric is now going to see the light of day again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is true. You and Adno have done great work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But so much more to do. Hankori had help, let us not forget.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who knew besides him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt anyone knew about the rubric. He is a deeply disturbed fellow and he hides himself even from his colleagues. So I doubt that Green and the others who helped him in his foolish plot on Earth knew the root of it all. Perhaps it wouldn\u8217\'92t have even made a difference. Adno is keen to reverse this tide and let the waters once again carry truth, but I think she is being very optimistic, as always.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I agree. Green and the others have sidelined Hankori, but not his ideas. I suppose they realized he is insane. But they love the immortality idea and they do what they can without attracting too much attention. For all practical purposes, that\u8217\'92s all the Guardians are actually doing now, as little as that is. We must think hard on our course of action.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will you talk about this with father mother?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. Of him I have no doubts. I only shield her for her safety. She sacrificed much to defeat Hankori and to keep us safe. You must always remember that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will do my best,\u8221\'94 Anti said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard to be apart. You both are like ghosts to me after three decades.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I feel your sadness, I really do. I try not to let myself feel the same \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it only makes me angry and rash. Now I must be the careful hunter, watching her prey, waiting for the right moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You do not have to be the lone hunter. You have many here who will help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for reminding me,\u8221\'94 Diver said. \u8220\'93I do sometimes forget. I will speak with Flier. Marillon also knows of this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  there is nothing I know that my sister doesn\u8217\'92t. Mari will fly with you when the time comes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They said their farewells. She was alive with the churning of her thoughts. So much to tell Flier. So much to do.}}