{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Time was up. The Cartel had not responded to my note. I hadn't really thought they would, but now they'd see that I wasn't playing around.\
I drove into town but parked two blocks in from the main drag. Strolling down the street, I kept an eye on the dry cleaners. I stopped in the drug store across from it. I remembered the dry cleaner's layout from the days I had worked there. It hadn't changed much, at least on the outside, since the Cartel took it over. As I was flipping through the latest People Magazine, Gold-man pulled and strutted into the cleaners, just as Aiden said he would. He walked in with a stuffed duffel bag, but left fifteen minutes later with an empty one. \
Wanting to confirm that nothing had changed on the inside, I grabbed an old jacket from the truck. Pleased I didn't recognize the person at the counter, I plopped the jacket on the counter, noting the addition of camera's in the front lobby. \
"Big brother is always watching, isn't he?" I asked the clerk, a teenager with enough tattoos on her arm to make it look like she wore a long sleeve shirt.\
The clerk looked to the cameras. "Shit yea. Those things." She shook her head in apparent disgust.\
"Do you get any privacy, anywhere?" I said trying to sound sympathetic. \
"Back office, until next week. They are going to do a major remodel and more cameras will go in back there." She put air quotes around "remodel" as she said it. "Really sucks." \
"Yea, I bet. Sorry. No privacy anywhere, any more."\
The clerk handed me the pick-up ticket, nodding her head in agreement. The clerk was in no hurry to get back to work. \
I glanced at the ticket made out to Jocelyn James - the first name that popped in to my head. "Well, good luck with that. Thanks," I said. \
\
After midnight, I rounded the corner, making a beeline to the alley. A few feet away from the dry cleaner's back door, I pushed up on the window frame, but it was locked, which for this neighborhood was unusual, but I guess the Cartel brought their big city worries with them. I grabbed a rag from a nearby bin, and wrapped my elbow in it before smashing the window. I stood still after the crash, listening into the night. When nothing stirred, I scrapped the remaining glass from its frame with a stick, and placed the rag over the sill, and put on my gloves. \
A bucket, flipped upside-down, raised me enough to get through the window. I landed inside, on a table underneath the window. Kitty-corner to the window, I was surprised to see was a bookshelf. When I worked here, the door of a safe was flush to the wall. I'd deposit the daily receipts before I left work each night. I jumped off the table, inspecting the bookshelf. It looked heavy. I anchored my heels against the wall, squatted down a bit, and shoved the side of the bookcase.\
The bookcase slid like it was on ice, until it jammed into the opposite coroner. Books, papers and office supplies scattered on the shelves, some flying onto the floor. Gravity sucked me to the ground. My right knee and palm broke my fall before I landed on my right hip and rolled to my side. Laying on the ground, I could see small casters on the bottom of the bookshelf, hidden by the fake front molding. Well, that explains that. I was lucky it hadn't toppled over. \
Allowing my body a minute to recover, I listened for any sign someone might have heard my commotion. Once I was sure I hadn't obliterated my knee cap, I brushed myself off. Using the flash light from my cellphone, I worked on the safe. Right three turns to 23, left past 16, then stop at 16, right to 6. 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 [//Todo/should the combination mean something]
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0  \
Click. They hadn't changed the combination. I was in luck. \
Inside were stacks of money wrapped in paper bundles, and a few files. I tossed stacks of money into my duffle bag.\
I closed the safe, and using a much lighter touch moved the bookcase back. I cleaned up as much as possible to get the room looking like it did when I arrive. The broken window was a dead giveaway, but everything in its place might gain some time. \
 With the items on the bookcase straighten, stuff on the floor back on the shelves, and the window glass cleaned up and carefully wrapped in paper towels and put into my duffel. Inspecting my work, I took a deep breath. \
\
Back in the alley, I noticed some of the glass on the street and cleaned it up and tossed it and the glass in my duffle into a near by trash bin. With my pocket knife, I cut a piece of cardboard the size of the window, and used duck tape that I had taken from the office to cover the broken window. No longer needing the bucket, I moved it back near the dumpster. I glanced around noting that it looked just like when I had arrived. With my duffle filled with cash, I meandered through back alleys for before reaching my truck. \
}