{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Do North}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 Radisson, Quebec}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i1 April, 2099}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i1
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik and Nila had left Val D\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92Or the day before, hitching a ride on a truck bringing food north through ever sparser country to Radisson, on the banks of the La Grande River. Most of the day, they could have been traveling through the same place any time in the last 10,000 years and seen the same view, nearly devoid of human imprint. But as they had come around the last bend into Radisson, suddenly they were in a bustling town, horns honking, traffic lights, streets full of people.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They hoisted their packs and found their way to the address they had been given back home. It was on a side street off the main drag, a plain little house with nothing more than a house number to identify it. They knocked, half worrying they had the wrong address, or the wrong city even. A small woman with pulled back straight hair, streaked with gray, answered the door.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, we\u8217\'92re Nila and Mik from Boston,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re on our way to Thunberg and we were told to come here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Come on in. I\u8217\'92m Noreen Cheechoo and you\u8217\'92re in the right place,\u8221\'94 she said. She showed them to a room in the back where they could bunk overnight. They sat in the front room while she made tea.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re the kids from New Kendall, eh?\u8221\'94 Noreen said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93From, as in left it, not of it,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93If you get my drift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Noreen laughed. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh yeah, I figured that. New Kendall would be more likely to send armed drones then two kids. Tell me what brings you here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How much do you know about New Kendall?\u8221\'94 Nila asked. \u8220\'93I mean, everyone knows about the company, but we live in the town.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re right, I know about the company \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  they really make sure everyone knows them, don\u8217\'92t they? What\u8217\'92s the town like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Where to start?\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just say it\u8217\'92s a weird place. It\u8217\'92s a gated community, basically, where all the corpos and the few thousand  people who run the company live. The best thing about it is it\u8217\'92s high and dry, which is not so easy on the East Coast of North America these days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And the worst thing about it,\u8221\'94 Mik jumped in, \u8220\'93is that they\u8217\'92ll do anything to keep everyone else out, even if they have to shoot them. And I don\u8217\'92t mean people from the other side of the world, not that that\u8217\'92s right either, but they\u8217\'92ll shoot people on the other side of the river who try to come over to high ground during storms when the river floods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So we just finished high school,\u8221\'94 Nila said, \u8220\'93and in New Kendall that means they assign you to a job, whether you want that job or not. And we just don\u8217\'92t want to be part of their whole messed up corpo thing. We read up on a lot of different stuff and we really like the whole idea of Thunberg. We want to be part of that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not a vacation, you know,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93It might be more than you\u8217\'92re ready for as far as hard work goes. Ever dug a ditch, or worked a farm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93But we\u8217\'92re not afraid of that. We\u8217\'92re young, healthy, we figure it\u8217\'92ll take a bit, but we should be just as able to do that as anyone else. Right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, just that,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93We know we\u8217\'92re soft and we have a lot to learn. That\u8217\'92s why we want to be part of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92ve got the right attitude,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna tell you straight up, with people from these corpo fortresses, we\u8217\'92ve learned we have to be real careful. Not everyone is who they say they are. So in a little while, a nurse is going to come and she\u8217\'92s going to verify some stuff about you. She\u8217\'92ll take DNA, she\u8217\'92ll scan you for implants, stuff like that. Are you good with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 They looked at each other. Heaven had bouncers, it seemed. Nila felt Mik\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s agreement. She nodded for the both of them.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, I\u8217\'92ll let her know,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93While we\u8217\'92re waiting, would you like some tea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 She brought them some kind of herbal tea.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93This is good,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93What kind is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Local stuff, some herbs and some moss,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93People have been drinking that here for thousands of years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Are you First Nations?\u8221\'94 Nila asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Wakaganish Cree,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93Born and raised not far from here. Back when no one wanted the land. Better to give us this then Montreal, I guess was how they looked at it a century ago. Now some of them want it back, or they want to shit all over it just like they did in the south.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, it looks like a mall parking lot before Christmas out there on Main Street,\u8221\'94 Mik said. \u8220\'93We thought it was going to be more different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t worry, Thunberg is not like anywhere you\u8217\'92ve been. And most of these jokers here couldn\u8217\'92t even find it with a map. I\u8217\'92ll take you there in the morning, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a relief,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93Still, it\u8217\'92s sad that people are wrecking this place. If they want to live unsustainably, why don\u8217\'92t they just stay where they were?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s a good question,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to be too harsh. Some of them, there\u8217\'92s no there anymore where they were \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  it\u8217\'92s underwater, it\u8217\'92s desert, there\u8217\'92s no more drinking water, well, you know all of that. Most of them, really, that\u8217\'92s their story. But then there\u8217\'92s also the ones that want to be the next Ken Robertson, if you know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, yeah, we know exactly what you mean,\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93But about the others, the fugees, it\u8217\'92s a bit surprising that they\u8217\'92re crapping up the place. Back home, the fugees and the corpos hate each other. Some of the fugees are amazing. You know about REM?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, who doesn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re in touch with Everywhere. But like everything else, some people learn, some people don\u8217\'92t. And it seems like the fugees who don\u8217\'92t learn come to places like Hudson Bay because they think it\u8217\'92s their time to get their piece of the almighty pie. So just be careful here \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  not everyone is a saint, or even just a nice person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 There was a knock on the door and a young woman with a medical bag came in. Noreen introduced her as Kaitlyn. Also short, compact, she worked quickly taking blood and saliva that went into a small machine for analysis. She slowly passed a short wand from head to toe over each of them.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, no implants, so we know you\u8217\'92re not wired for sound,\u8221\'94 Kaitlyn said. \u8220\'93Now I\u8217\'92m going to take the data from your samples and check them against your New Kendall health records.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You can do that?\u8221\'94 Mik said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry,\u8221\'94 Kaitlyn said, cracking a smile for the first time. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll never know about it, so they can\u8217\'92t backtrack you to here. Let\u8217\'92s just say we have modernized our hunting and fishing skills to include data. Here we go \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  Mik Albertson, son of Tyfnie and Ray-Juan and Nila Edwards, daughter of\u8230\'85hey, what the fuck? Did you think you\u8217\'92d get away with this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Nila said. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the problem?\u8221\'94 She was too startled to try and read Kaitlyn\u8217\'92s emotions.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me who your parents are,\u8221\'94 Kaitlyn said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My mom is Lillith Edwards. I don\u8217\'92t know who my dad is. I never met him and she never told me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, we have a problem,\u8221\'94 Noreen said, looking at the puter over Kaitlyn\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93Your mother is secret police for New Kendall and your dad is, well let\u8217\'92s just say he\u8217\'92s a problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I know my mom\u8217\'92s a Sec, but that\u8217\'92s partly why I\u8217\'92m here, to get away from her and her awful corpo boyfriend \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  not my father \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  who does even worse stuff. You\u8217\'92re going to bounce me for that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, we\u8217\'92re not going to turn you away, not just yet,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93But we need to be sure. There\u8217\'92s an easy way for us to solve this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nila felt Noreen\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s mind brush up against her. \u8220\'93You want to tangle with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it would be Kaitlyn, and it would be both of you. Are you OK with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Mik, are you OK with that?\u8221\'94 Nila asked. \u8220\'93Do you want to talk about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Just like when you tried it with me, right?\u8221\'94 Mik asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93How deep did you go?\u8221\'94 Kaitlyn asked Nila.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, he\u8217\'92s like the only person I ever did it with, except, actually, REM himself. Long story \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  you can have the memory if you don\u8217\'92t believe me. But I\u8217\'92m not like some big expert tangler.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Show me how you did it with him,\u8221\'94 Kaitlyn said, point at Mik. \u8220\'93 But use that to show me the memory of Raefe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nila took a deep breath and tried to calm the rising panic. They had come more than a thousand miles to the edge of the world to start anew, and yet they couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t escape the very thing they had fled. She felt Kaitlyn\u8217\'92s mind, open but not all the way, like a road with fences on either side. She found an opening in the fence and let her mind walk through it. She had entered a room with calming, dull red walls. It felt warm and welcoming. She relaxed and recalled sitting outside the office in New Kendall, connecting with Raefe on the other side of the wall, listening to the meeting through him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 Kaitlyn said. \u8220\'93You are stronger than you think. I won\u8217\'92t  need to go deeper than that with you, Mik.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik nodded. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nila was already tangled with Mik. She could feel Kaitlyn enter his mind. It was weird to witness someone else this. She couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t tell what Kaitlyn found, but she withdrew. Nila felt Kaitlyn connect with Noreen. She was telling her what she had learned, that Mik was clean, that Nila was complicated but not here under false pretenses. Her mother was a Sec and her father was not in their picture anymore.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 And then Nila knew who her father was. And why her mother had never told her. And she wanted to vomit and scream and punch a hole in the wall all at the same time.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Are you, OK?\u8221\'94 Mik asked. \u8220\'93You look pale.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Kaitlyn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s face softened. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry. I should have realized you would sense what I shared with Noreen. You shouldn\u8217\'92t have had to learn about it that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Learn what?\u8221\'94 Mik asked.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing!\u8221\'94 Nila said, struggling to keep it together. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you later. Are we done now? Are you going to let us stay or did we come all this way for nothing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re good,\u8221\'94 Noreen said. \u8220\'93But we had to know that you weren\u8217\'92t here to fuck things up. You wouldn\u8217\'92t have been the first. I\u8217\'92m sorry it went down this way, but we really had no choice.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 *****}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Later, Noreen made them a dinner of salmon from the Bay, with some local turnipy kind of root and some big fat tomatoes from her garden. Even without tangling, Nila could tell Noreen was trying to be kind, feeling bad about the afternoon\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s shocking revelation. That was still banging around in Nila\u8217\'92s head and she couldn\u8217\'92t make it settle down. She had left home, but home hadn\u8217\'92t left her, not just yet. She permitted herself to think about it more while they helped Noreen clean up, but it was still too big and raw to get a bead on it. She had no idea of what to do with this new information. Was there really anything to do?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Mik was geared up to go out on the town. She thought he was looking to get silly after being cooped up in New Kendall, with its strict limits on drugs and alcohol. She agreed to go with him to investigate the local brews in the town\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s many bars. Once they were out of Noreen\u8217\'92s earshot, he couldn\u8217\'92t contain himself.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93So who\u8217\'92s your old man?\u8221\'94 he said, as if maybe her dad were some famous vid star or footy player.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No one you\u8217\'92d want to know,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, sorry,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Did you know him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not personally,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93but yea, I know who he is. It\u8217\'92s not just who he is, though\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s also the circumstances\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93The circumstances?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, I\u8217\'92m not ready for this, OK,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s put my mom, my whole life, in a different light. I have to think about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, I\u8217\'92ll let it go. But you\u8217\'92re not having second thoughts about this, are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, if anything, I\u8217\'92m even more convinced this was the right thing to do. The farther away as I can get from her, from them, the better off I\u8217\'92ll be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Good. If you want to talk about it, let me know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, thanks. Now, let\u8217\'92s get fucked up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}