{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jeb's backroom was quite for this time of day. Aiden closed the door to the store. \
"We've got to go to the FBI," said Aiden.\
"No, the FBI doesn't care about your Pa and his store. And the other stores sucked into the Cartel's money laundering cesspool? And who is looking out for those missing men like Angel's Pa?"\
Silence lingered in the air like bad incense. \
"And besides," I continued, "have you forgotten about the FBI mole? \
"What about your Ma? Shouldn't we tell them about her? We can't just leave her body out there." \
"What? You think I want to leave her there?" I glared at him. "If Pa knows, that I know Ma\'92s dead, he'll kill me too." \
"Then we have to tell them the Cartel threatened you," Aiden pressed. \
"Yeah, like that's never happened before. I have no intention of having my tongue cut out and buried alongside Bobby's hands and feet. What's with you trusting the FBI like their your best buddy?" \
"It's not like that. We need help, that's all." \
"I could return their money," I said out loud. \
"No way, once they have it, you're dead," said Aiden. \
"Looks like I'm dead no matter what. I was wrong, I thought if I hurt them, they'd go away. I\'92ve been wrong about a lot of things." My hand held Aiden\'92s. \
"Only one way out of this. It's them or me," I said. \
"We need hard evidence," said Aiden.\
"Evidence," Suzie said. With her hand on the door knob she turned back to Aiden. "I need a favor," said Suzie. \
Aiden cocked his head, "Anything." \
"Get word to El Brutal that Pa is at the shack. And give me the number of your FBI contact." \
"But why?" \
"For an anonymous tip." \
A raucous argument broke out on the other side of the door in Jeb's store.\
"Leave now," Jeb screamed at a man who had burst through the door. \
Aiden and I peered out from the back room. \
Jeb stood behind the counter facing Pa whose back was to us. Pa held a pistol at his side. \
"Where's your no-good son? He'll know where Suzie is. Never could keep it in his pants." My Pa tapped his gun against his thigh.\
I held Aiden back. \
"You better tell me, or you can join your beloved Susan." Pa mimicked the kickback of a gun. \
"What the hell have you done to Susan?" Jeb said, reaching under the counter. \
Minutes turned to seconds, and seconds slowed to eternity. Before Jeb got the gun above the counter, my Pa raised his gun. \
"Pa, look out," Aiden said, rushing through the door. Ma's voice rang in my head--Pa wasn't going to hurt anyone ever again. He's sure as hell wasn't going to take Aiden from me again. I ripped the gun from backpack.\
Three guns fired. \
Jeb fell back. \
Aiden fell to the ground, hitting his head on the corner of the counter. \
Pa crumbled into the fertilizer display. \
A hush, layered with groans of pain and topped with stillness, stifled the room. The other patrons frozen in place. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Enough! This must stop. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 I grabbed my backpack and Aiden's truck keys and escaped through the back door.}