{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  I woke to zip tied to a chair. The plastic slicing my wrists and ankles. The rotten wood of the chair pinched the back of my legs. The acrid taste of blood mingled with the bad breath spewing from the man whose nose was almost touching mine. His lips were moving, spit flying, but I heard only the beating of my heart. I closed my eyes and shook my head hoping my ears would clear and the throbbing in my head might shake away.\
"Who else knows our business?" The first man said. \
"What?" I said. \
"Who else knows?" The man smacked his palms against my ears while two other men circled around me. \
"I don't know what you're talking about." My ears rang. \
"If your Pa thought that sending you in would save him, he's wrong." \
Frantic, I struggled in my chair. "Where are Ma and Bee?"\
"Mo," the first man turned to Gold-man, "what do you want us to do with her?" He walked over to Mo.\
"Who is she going on about?" Mo's gold tooth sparkled as he spoke. He motioned the man back to me. \
"So, you're David's daughter, our blackmailer's helper," said El Brutal. "Has she said anything yet?" The other two men shook their heads. "Well, miss, you and your Pa have caused me a lot of trouble, but it ends here." He looked to Mo. "Do what you have to. Find David, find my money." \
Mo whispered to El Brutal as he left the room. Distracted by their conversation, I missed the first man raising his fist. Smack. His fist connect with my jaw. My head swiveled. Blood spewed from my mouth. A one-two punch. And the second landed square in my ribs. In the background, Gold-man's grin blurred into a dripping, clown-face as my vision tried to refocus. \
"Pussy. You can't even make a girl cry," said Mo, pushing the first man away. He shifted his weight, it was subtle, but I knew that move anywhere. Time slowed. As he drew his elbow back, I rocked the chair. Crashing to my side, his fist flew past where my face had just been. Gravity took over and toppled Mo's body over me. \
Laughter exploded from the background, and what little dignity Gold-man had left was eroded by his lame attempt at unscrambling his legs woven through the chair legs and falling all over again. I thrashed underneath him. One of the arms on the chair had cracked off, freeing one arm. \
The other men chanted, "Fight! Fight!" \
A glint of red fell from Mo's pocket. Pushing against his legs with my foot, I snatched it. \
"Fight! Fight!" \
Gold-man was clear of the chair. \
"Fight! Fight!" \
I hid the red object in my balled fist as best I could.\
Mo grabbed my leg and pull me toward him, breaking the leg from the chair. He wobbled but regain his forward motion. My free leg kicked at him, clipping his head. \
Gold-man was on his feet rubbing his head. Laughter once again filled the room. Mo let out a growl, like a tiger protecting his heard. The laugher stopped. The silence, like the silence after a dead baby is born just before the realization set in prefaced his charge on the lesser males. His rage fueled by sour taste of humiliation.\
Mo bowled over the two men triggering a tornado of flying fists, legs, head butts. Gold-man would win this fight, if only to restore his dominance, and once he did, I'd be next. I opened my first to see the red object in my hand. It was one of those Swiss-army knifes. \
As the fight ensured, I fumbled with the knife and unfolded one of the "knifes" only to realize it was the small bottle opener. It might still work. Angling it between my wrist and the zip tie, I pulled. It flipped out of my hand and fell to the ground. Still on my side, I shimmied over to it. I tried again. \
Snap. The zip tie sprung away from my wrist. I froze, zeroed in on the men, but they were still holding their own against the raging inferno they called Mo. I reached over and snapped ties around my ankles. \
One man was out for the count. Mo pummeled the other nonstop. It wouldn't be long before he turned his attention my way. I slipped out the window opposite the door, and crouched down underneath the window to orient myself. The room behind the motor home, the very room where I was sure they had been holding Ma and Bee. \
With limited options, running not being one of them, I worked my way towards the motorhome, and pulled back the skirt around the bottom of it. In one motion rolled underneath and replaced the skirt right behind me. A few pack-rats scurried away. \
"Julio, Marcus, Joe\'96\'96everyone\'96\'96get out here. Now," Mo screamed. \
Shuffling chairs and quick footsteps reverberated from the floor of the motor home overhead. Through a slight crack, two people approached from the motor home. The woman wore a cop's uniform, her super short hair cut and scar on her left cheek left an indelible impression. Only one man may emerged from the building where I had been held. I wondered if the second man was dead. \
"Find her. Now." Mo sounded frantic. Pairs of steel-toe boots spanned out from the motor home.\
"But Mo, we're distributing payroll," said a man's voice. "The men will be out in less than an hour and they'll want their pay." \
"I don't give a shit. Find her," said Mo. \
I laid my head on the hard desert floor covered in cactus needles and bits of trash the pack rats had accumulated. My jaw throbbed, my chest crackled with each breath, but I was alive. Watching the men run away from the motorhome and towards the perimeter, I listened up through the floor of the motor home\'96\'96the only other place they could hide Ma and Bee. }