{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1 The next day}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ri-720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe woke with a start. Lina was still asleep next to him. He had been dreaming something, he couldn't quite remember, just that Lina had kissed him on the ear right before he woke up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was just after 6AM, but he wasn't sleepy. Usually, he hated the last day of a vacation, but he felt strangely animated this morning. That might not be such a good thing, considering they would be on the solar train for 8 hours today. There were faster ways to go than a 250 mph train, but they all involved many more carbon credits than a student could afford.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The little room coffee maker did its thing and he took his cup out on to the balcony. It was a fine January morning. The beach on their little island was nearly empty this early, just a few joggers and dog walkers beating the heat. Small clouds of tiny baitfish erupted here and there as the barracuda chased them. The pelicans watched the barracuda patiently, knowing the sun would warm deeper waters that held more interest to the fish, leaving the shallows to the pelicans.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The tidal waves in '41 had drowned thousands of people. All the blood had drawn huge schools of every predator fish in the south Atlantic. Urban legend had it that the flood had washed tons of Cokke and Wyn into the water from the drug lord neighborhoods, sending the fish into such a frenzy that they never found their way back to their original feeding grounds.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is just a big ball of water, isn't it, he thought. Billions of years of stuff floating around, reaching for the sun, eating and being eaten, and us just living at the edges, so full of ourselves. He had read about a group of scientists who had taught chimps how to take apart complex machines like motors or 3D printers. They had done something to their brains, and given them some kind of drugs, and it was enough so that the chimps could perform chains of complicated tasks. The scientists had practically given themselves a Musk Prize, they were so impressed with this "synthetic guided evolution."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The problem was, the chimps couldn't put the machines back together. That was a whole different kind of thinking. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He realized Lina was standing in the door, watching him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey, whatcha thinking?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey. Just watching the 'cudas having breakfast and realizing they used to live hundreds of miles south of here. And thinking, shit, we're just great at breaking things apart, aren't we? And not so great at putting them back together."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Wow, where did that come from?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You, actually. I had a dream, and you said something about fixing the world."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What did I say?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "That's the problem," Raefe said. "I can't quite remember. But it was a good dream."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Shit, now we're really in trouble. I don't know how to fix the world either. Well, here's to dreams!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled and downed her coffee. The great mass of her tiger-striped hair had apparently gone anarchist during the night. Yellow and brown strands went every which way, as if her cinnamon skin had separated itself into her mother's East African brown and her father's golden Chinese shades, and flowed like a braided river out into her hair, to be lit up by the morning sun. His gaze lasted a tad too long, causing her to run her finger nervously along the ropey scar tissue that capped her right ear, a reminder of the East African holocaust she could never quite ignore. He reached up and stilled her hand, letting his fingers travel over her scar and into her tangled hair.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Here's to dreams!" he mumbled, feeling awkward despite his best intentions. She answered with a long kiss.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Hmm, that was nice," Lina said. "But dreamy boy, we have a train to catch. Back to reality."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  They had a quiet breakfast, and packed up their stuff.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two hours later, they were on a half-empty train. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I hope this wasn't a mistake," Lina said. "Rolling the dice on taking this train."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most people avoided the northbound trip in January, not knowing if the snow monsoons would come a little early or hold off until February.  If they caught you on the train, the snow could last for weeks, the train might exhaust its solar batteries and you'd freeze to death. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm not worried, We'll be back in our little hole in the wall  in East Somerville by the time the snows arrive. This is the perfect time for a cheap trip -- it's cool outside, so we don't have to pay for AC, either."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I know, I know," Lina said. "Just looks like everyone on the train is a student or a migrant worker -- no one who had a choice."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The train headed out of Miami and soon the flat marshes of east Florida were rolling by like an endless video loop, long-legged white birds picking small fish out of the swamps under orange trees long mummified by the salty tidal flow. Raefe turned from the window and noticed a small wirey man was now sitting across the aisle. He looked about 30, and was wearing worn out old military shorts and a Brasil Futbol shirt. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Where you headed?" he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Up between Hilton Head and Charleston," the man said, Eelton Ed and Sharlston in his vaguely Braz accent.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What's there?" Raefe wondered. No one went there since the '41 floods had swept over it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Salvage."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Wow, I would have thought nine years after the floods, there wouldn't me much left."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Nothing left from the floods but salt marsh.  I'm a 'cane harvester."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe was confused. "Sugar cane?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "No, hurricanes. I follow them up the coast from Brazil from September on. The 'canes wash up tons of stuff \endash  fishing boats, plastic, parts of old shipping containers \endash \endash  and nobody even knows it's there. All the way up, the places like Hilton Head that were hit in '41 -- no one lives there anymore for miles around. The corpos pay off the big merc companies for sat images, and when they spot big accumulations, they put out word to the 'cane harvester combines. They call me and I salvage it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Wow, you can make a living on that?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Sort of. The corpos pay me to catalog the stuff. I put the catalogs on the 'net \endash  2 tons of usable wood, 1 ton of weldable steel, that kind of thing. Then the corpos have some kind of auction and it gets sold and someone comes and gets it. I get a fee for that end, too. It don't add up to that much, but I also get carbs from some governments and from the Western Hemisphere Restoration Fund, too."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Cool. Carbs are good things to have."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Most places, better than money. Maybe they'll get the whole warming thing turned around, and I'll be out of luck. But I'll believe that when I see it. I been doing this for 8 years, and carbs are worth more every year."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Till they ain't," Lina said. "You know they're playing you, right?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Everybody's playing everybody, near's I can tell," the drifter responded, trying to size up Lina. "But what do you mean, 'till they ain't'?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Where I grew up -- East African Republic --  was full of people like you, drifters," Lina said. "People whose grandparents had come from the interior, little farm villages, to the cities, who had never really found steady work. They were salvagers, day laborers, any kind of work. Chinese paid them in carbs, too. Didn't work out too great -- sure, they had a lot of carbs, but they had to spend them local or exchange the for the local plastic trash currency. They had some complicated-ass scheme for exchanging carbs, and you know how that shit always works out."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Right, they win, you lose," the drifter agreed. "But so far, the corpos are busy enough making mondo money on trash that my cut don't matter to them. But I can believe it. These corpos, any way they can screw you they will. But I don't stay long enough in one place to spend all my money anyway. And I don't work for one outfit, either."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Least as far as you know," Lina said, unconvinced. "You know money, it all flows one way."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Authentic -- away from us," the drifter laughed. "You pretty smart for a kid."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "No kids in Efricar," Lina said. "Just little people trying to live long enough to get big. How's the work, though -- is it OK?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "It's tough, but I've done worse. They got a camp up there you live in. This place, you have to get around in a kayak \endash  they don't want to spend carbs on motor boats. You paddle around all day, putting 'net tags on stuff and photoing it. You gotta hike through mud and muck for a lot of it. And there's always snakes and bugs."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Maybe not my thing," Raefe answered. "I try to avoid snakes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Would if I could. But a snake every once in a while is worth it to me. No Voice out there, can't wear one of those little eyeball puters either. They don't trust us not to make side deals, and besides, we have to dive a bit sometimes and they ain't gonna spring for underwater puters and all that gear. So no data bots tracking my every move, counting my every second of work, no AI reminding me that I'm 17% behind the baseline productivity rate of my fellow workers. I tried office work in Brazil \endash  not for me."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Doesn't it get lonely?" Raefe wondered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Too busy to worry about it during the day, and the camps are OK at night. One thing, we always got fresh fish for dinner. Lot of 'cane harvesters are Carib, they always got a jam going on. I teach 'em a little supersamba, it's all good. The company looks the other way what we smoke, how we sleep. This is the end of the season though, my last gig until after the hurricanes start up again."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He turned his head toward the window, as if to say, conversation over. A few minutes later, he was snoring. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That was about as much as Raefe had ever heard Lina talk about life in Efricar. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So, is that how your dad got to Africa -- Chinese corpos?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not exactly. The Chinese government  went first. The rounded up all the drifters, and the ones that had drifted further from being respectable citizens into piracy or kidnapping. Nothing was working down there -- no farming, no factories, no tourists, no rain, no luck. People did anything they could to get money. The Chinese announced they were all terrorists, shot a few thousand of them, and then signed the rest up to do all the dangerous bits of building their ports and fish farms, and mines."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Your dad was an engineer, though, right?" Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, he worked for the Coastal Friendship Alliance, fancy name for 'we buy the shovels, you dig us a port so our big ships can take everything we pay you next to nothing to make.' But he messed up \endash  he fell in love with my brown mother. At that time, the New Kingdom Party was running China, only the golden need apply. They had no problem with a little chocolate sauce on the side, but no diluting the genes.  So their wedding present to him was a reassignment from head engineer to work crew boss on a massive swamp-clearing project. That's like being the warden of a lunar penal colony. You got a nicer bed than the inmates, but otherwise, you're just as fucked."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Is that why your folks left?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "That's a long story. Basically, the carb economy tanked and that set off a chain reaction when people found out their money was worthless. Riots led to repression, repression led to civil war, civil war led to the bombings and the holocaust. At some point, my dad had to choose a side, and he took me and my mom and we fled to Sofricar when I was 10. I can't remember all that much."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Or don't want to, he thought. He wanted to ask her about the scar, but bit his tongue. Best thing with Lina was to wait until she ready. She'd just put her suit of armor on otherwise.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0}