{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The porch screen slammed when Ma left. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://BB26DE66-FEB9-4C08-92A4-B8B3CDB9A219"}}{\fldrslt Bee}} and I watched from the kitchen, afraid to get to close. The front doorway glowed from the rising sun seeping through the fine holes of the screen. Ma tossed our shovel into the truck, her hand covering the letter B in circle burned into the handle. B for Bannon. \
The silhouette of Pa slumped against the window framed the passenger side, Ma slid into the driver\'92s seat. She drove down the road with Uncle Bobby\'92s truck right behind. \
A dark stain blotched the front yard. I turned away. Eventually, I got up and moved the dishes to the sink. Bee followed. I washed, she dried. We sneaked looks at the front door. \
With the dishes done, we stood by the sink.\
We both looked at the front door again. I wondered what she was thinking.\
Bee moved to the closet, brung out a mop and started mopping the floor. \
Bee glanced toward the front door, then continued mopping. \
I shrugged and started to leave, but stopped before stepping out of the kitchen. It wasn't mopping day, but we mopped. Underneath the table and chair, even around the icebox, and in back of the pantry--anything not to have to leave the kitchen. \
When the mopping was done, we got on all fours and dried the floor with a towel. We even took an icepick to the corners and scraped off old grease coated in dried crumbs and bug bits. Floor never been this clean. \
This time we looked toward the front door together. \
This time there was no doubt, we were thinking the same. \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 "Don\'92t you worry, Bee, Ma will be back." I tried to calm her down. She held Jacob's ring in her hand. He had given it to her the day he left. Said it would protect us. "Should we let Jacob know about Pa?" I considered it but decided against it. With or without Pa, Jacob was better off without us. \
The sun high in the sky, we needed a distraction. "Let\'92s go on that picnic Ma talked about."\
We made our way out the back door and headed to the chicken coop. The cackling got louder the closer we got. We grabbed the basket at the gate and headed in. \
"Let\'92s gather any eggs first, then pick us a chicken to fry up."\
We were getting less than half the eggs we used to get back before the rain stopped. \
"Which one you thinking?" I asked. None of them looked too good, all of them looked scrawny and tired. The drought and relentless heat had taken its toll on everything.\
"Okay, this one. Not much meat on these bones, but we\'92d be putting it out of its misery." \
Stretching her neck across the tree stump, I raised the ax.\
"Sorry little guy." \
Smack. \
The body jerked loose, and tried to deny the inevitable, but eventually succumbed. \
We plucked, cleaned and chopped the chicken into chicken part. Mixed the batter, heated the oil in a big pot, and using a wire basket, lowered in the chicken parts. The oil spit and crackled, then settled into a soft bubbling, turning the chicken golden brown.\
Once we were done with everything, packed and ready to go, Ma still wasn\'92t home and neither of us could leave the house without her. \
\
Evening crept in. Bee disappeared as she always does when sexual threats are at bay. Her alone time she calls it. Fried chicken sat on the kitchen table. The once crispy skin, now slack; the fat congealed.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 For a flash when the first raze of the sun hit our window, everything seemed normal. Until it didn't. I opened my eyes and kicked off the tangled bedsheet. A dark quietness permeated the house. Ma was still gone. I screamed until I couldn\'92t breathe. I threw a glass of water against the wall, took a deep breath, and marched into the kitchen. \
The day-old fried chicken, our celebration picnic, greeted me from the table. I smashed it into the garbage. Tears flowed as I thought of Ma, Pa, and my brother, Jacob. To hell with all of them. I didn't need anybody.\
Routine. Routine was good. So the ritual of the morning chores began, I fed the chickens, gathered a few eggs, milked Betty, and mucked the barn, moving through each task, on a mission to return to normalcy. \
While in the barn, Misery caught my eye. 
\f1\i Misery,
\f0\i0  Pa\'92s take on the outdated nickname coined for the Minneapolis-Moline tractors, with their MM logo emblazoned on the front. Farmers coined their own meaning for MM tagging it 
\f1\i Modern Misery
\f0\i0  for the tractor\'92s unreliability. Although our tractor was a John Deere, Pa named it "Misery" anyway. He said that\'92s farming\'96\'96pure misery. \
With the tractor in my sights, I remembered Pa had wanted me to plow under the back 40 acres\'96\'96with his strength and experience it was less than a two-day job for him, but near five for me. No sense putting it off. Besides, keeping Bee busy would keep her mind off things. \
I filled old Misery with gasoline and oil. Grandpa had purchased the 1967 John Deere 3020 during the 1980 farm auctions. It still ran, but barely. Its notorious finickiness with cold starts wasn't a concern in the middle of the Arizona summer. With the throttle set and the choke positioned, I cranked the ignition. She coughed and sputtered but didn\'92t turn over. Two more times, and she gave in. With the four-foot wide span of the three bottom plow, I expected to cover eight acres. But Misery didn\'92t agree.\
The once fertile ground, starved of rain, cracked and crusted like five-day-old pudding brought Misery to its knees at least once a furlough. I\'92d be lucky to plow four acres, but only if she held up. By the time she calmed down and found her rhythm, the blistering heat of the sun reminded farmers everywhere that Mother Nature controlled the day. She made life easy, or not. And as of late, not. \
\
The old tractor barely made it into the barn. She groaned while hissing steam erupted from the engine. I\'92d check with Bobby to see if he could work his magic, but then I noticed the rear tire. Dry rot; it was shot. No wonder Misery dragged. Even if Bobby fixed her, I couldn\'92t afford a tire. I suspected ol\'92 Misery had seen the last of her productive days. Sputtered steam prolonging Misery\'92s inevitable death.\
I brushed off the dirt of the day while walking to the house. Once inside, the emptiness of the house screamed out. No mater how much routine I relied on, I wasn't in control and I didn't know who was. \
I stood, I sat, I paced, gasping for air. It's going to be okay. It's going to be okay. But it wasn't. Pa, Ma, and Jacob all gone. Even Bee had taken a hiatus as she does when Pa's not around. Chaos swirled around me. \
My panic exploded into a desperate desire to visit the graves of the babies in a vain attempt to feel connected. I ran the 150 yards to the backyard. Pa had buried the three babies under a Mesquite tree. Two girls, one boy. No names, no headstones like I\'92d seen on graves where we had laid Gramma to rest; just a small, homemade, wooden cross Ma had placed here after the first baby died. I guess if you don\'92t have a wake, where everybody looks at you, you don\'92t get a gravestone. \
The holes were different shapes and sizes. The last two bigger than expected, but then again, I had never dug a grave. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chaos took over my brain and my stomach. Overcome with despair, I dug into the graves. My fingers bled from the hard soil littered with cactus needles and prickers. Nausea rose as I got closer to unearthing them, but I couldn't stop myself. \
My fingers scratched on something. More digging unearthed an raged shoe box large enough for mens cowboy boots. I cradled the box and rocked, smiling for what could have been, and wept for what was. \
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 My breathing started to slow, the impending doom took a step back. As I reached out to put the box back into the ground, I noted the weight of the box. Too heavy for a stillborn. I shook it lightly. Solid. \
With care, I lifted the lid. I don\'92t know what I expected to see for a dead baby, but it sure wasn\'92t this. I flipped the lid onto the ground, and couldn\'92t believe my eyes. \
Money. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The dead baby\'92s coffin-box was packed with cash. Neat packets of strapped $100 bills. I\'92d never seen so much moola. \
"What the\'85?" I started digging up the second grave, and then the third. \
\
Covered in dust, I glared at three boxes filled with bundles of cash. \
"Where are the babies?" I surveying the area around me, expecting to see them lying somewhere. Instead, three more grave-like mounds beckoned from under a nearby Palo Verde tree. I scrambled over to them and started digging. \
This time the grave-like holes stored white bricks of powder wrapped in clear plastic. Ten in total. \
Bewildered, I dropped to the desert floor. On one side lay packets of money, and on the other, plastic wrap bricks of white powder. I looked down at my body; a thin layer of silt stuck to me like powdered sugar on a sweater. In my hair, on my skin, and up my nose. I had seen this before. I glanced between the drugs and the money.\
So this is what Pa had strapped to him after his mysterious late-night ventures. Though an ingenious hiding place, you'd have to be sick to use the graves of dead babies to hide drugs and money. My moment of grief over his death, vanished. \
An instinct, strong as a mother lioness protecting her cubs, compelled me to move the drugs and money. I ran to the house and returned with the wheelbarrow. The drug bricks and cash weighed it down making the push to the barn slow going. \
Surveying the barn for a hiding place, I spotted Misery parked in the back corner. Her big tires a perfect spot. I slid between her and the wall, and stuffed the flat tire with the drugs and money. Took an ax to the other, and packed in more. I gathered some soft dirt from the barn floor and tossed it over her, making her looked like she'd been there for a while. \
I headed back to the graves, and re-burried the boxes, refilled the other holes and tried to make it. I knelt over the buried boxes and said a prayer for the babies that weren't there. \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
That night my body wanted sleep but my mind buzzed like an electric razor. A mix of sadness, excitement, and fear stirred within me. Ma saw her chance to get away and stay away; I was sure now. Bee had held firm that Ma wouldn\'92t leave us. But why not? No sense looking for Ma. She didn\'92t need rescuing; she was free. \
\
Around midnight, a truck approached the house, awaking me. I jumped out of bed, crouched below the window sills and crept into the front room. I pulled the shotgun in-close. Hidden next to the window, I peeked through the edge of the curtain. The full moon reflected on Bobby\'92s pickup with five guys piled in. Bobby knew Pa was gone. What was he doing? \
He idled, motor running, lights off. No one moved: them or me. My breath deliberate and slow. \
After a few minutes, the truck rolled out, lights still off. \
I stood there a while longer until certain the house was out of their view. }