{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Changing the rules}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 July 12, 2049}
\par\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raefe sat in the back of the small auditorium, watching images flow into and out of the big vid screen upfront as if it were some new installation from Maru Imani Baraka, the Afro-Japanese artist who was all the rage among people who enjoyed watching semi-autonomous colorful blobs dance with each other willy nilly. This was, after all, pure theater for the Reagan Institute people.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His reworked code had allowed the team to fulfill their grant. Storage farms full of the data his code had generated would keep the RI people busy for years. For only a few million dollars, they would be able to propose wringing billions of dollars of social benefits out of the system with a more informed hope that it wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t spark riots or unintentionally bring the wheels of commerce to a grinding halt. Meanwhile, everyone oohed and aahed as the  Civilization Project slides traced their incomplete history of humanity. \u8220\'93Wait until version 2!\u8221\'94 was the mantra. All it lacked was a catchy theme song.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When it was done, Roshi and the RIers went off amid prodigious mutual backslapping to celebrate the completion of the project. Raefe found Elise and Joe back in the lab.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You missed the big show,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Roshi had them gasping with delight. Like six-year olds watching their first DisneyDream vid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She suggested we wouldn\u8217\'92t really like it that much,\u8221\'94 Joe said.  \u8220\'93She knows we know the whole thing is a sham.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And she wants us to keep going with our version,\u8221\'94 Elise said. \u8220\'93RI was a big cash score. Now she wants some academic cred from us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what did you learn from the new code while I was gone?\u8221\'94 Raefe asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not sure,\u8221\'94 Elise confessed. \u8220\'93On the one hand, for some stretches of time, the new sim comes tantalizingly close to recreating the main outlines of history.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But then, it goes off the rails completely,\u8221\'94 Joe added. \u8220\'93Major events in history never show up, major events in the sim never actually happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think I know why,\u8221\'94 Raefe said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did you find a mistake in the coding?\u8221\'94 Elise said, surprised. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s not that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s what I saw in Africa that made me think about it.\u8221\'94 Well, that\u8217\'92s a not entirely true, he thought, but I\u8217\'92m not ready to tell them about entanglement\u8230\'85yet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Say more,\u8221\'94 said Joe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You asked me to code  vectors for collaboration, competition, hierarchy, equality, and along various dimensions. National, sexual, and so on. What if all of those things interacted with each other?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But don\u8217\'92t we already account for that?\u8221\'94 Elise said. \u8220\'93When the economy is going full blast, we weight things one way. When it\u8217\'92s middling another, very poorly, different again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What if there were another force at work, that more fundamentally changed our collaborative behavior, for example?\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93What if this force made us more collaborative regardless of the economy or wars or other factors you built in? What if, in fact, another force actually overcame the forces that drive wars or economic inequality? Or if its absence drove them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you getting at?\u8221\'94 asked Joe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Empathy,\u8221\'94 said Raefe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Empathy?\u8221\'94 said Elise, skeptical. \u8220\'93Why would that be different than any other interpersonal emotion \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  love, hate, greed \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  and so on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because empathy is more basic than that,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93Empathy is hardwired into not just people, but all mammals. And many birds. And who knows what other animals. You look at it as a consequence. It\u8217\'92s actually a complex attribute.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of what?\u8221\'94 Elise asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of being able to understand what your fellow creatures are thinking by watching what they\u8217\'92re doing. Your brain says \u8220\'93Oh, she\u8217\'92s waving. When I wave it means I\u8217\'92m glad to see you. So she must be glad to see me.\u8221\'94 And all this happens way below the conscious level, fed by sight, sound, smell, gestures \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  a whole host of signs we\u8217\'92re only partially aware of. Animals evolved to collaborate within their own species without the elaborate thought processes and  communications abilities we have. They have an innate ability to get past the immediate competition for food and mates to remain a pack or herd that travels together, protects their young, distributes their food, and polices their members, up to a point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit, you\u8217\'92re right,\u8221\'94 Joe said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve just defined civilization, except it\u8217\'92s with animals. We were so focused on technology and resources that we missed that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you had been with me and seen the people who had saved Lina, you couldn\u8217\'92t have missed it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yet all those people are victims of the worst kind of aggression,\u8221\'94 Lina said. \u8220\'93Where was empathy then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly, that\u8217\'92s the question,\u8221\'94 Raefe said. \u8220\'93How do empathy and self-interest get reconciled in our brains, and then how does that translate to social and societal behavior? Why does it all go so wrong sometimes, and other times, so right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Computational empathy,\u8221\'94 Joe said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s some groundbreaking shit. If only I had any idea of where to start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Try this,\u8221\'94 Raefe said, sending Joe\u8217\'92s puter a cloud address. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just a start, but on the plane home I went back into the code and added empathy vectors in. They work both positively and negatively, so you can play with them in both directions. But you\u8217\'92re the math guy. I don\u8217\'92t know how to make them dynamic and I don\u8217\'92t know how to build a network so that they interact with other vectors. But I\u8217\'92m pretty sure that empathy can drive a reduction in competition or inequality, and that a lack of it can drive the reverse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What if we\u8217\'92re just poking at another surface variable,\u8221\'94 Elise said. \u8220\'93What if empathy is itself just a reflection of something deeper?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Like entangement, Raefe smiled to himself. No flies on you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then that will show up in the sim,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just an idea I had. Are you willing to build it and run it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hell, yeah,\u8221\'94 Joe said. \u8220\'93This is some deep shit.\u8221\'94\line  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}