{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
At the end of the night, Bobby packed up his gear. Halfway to his truck, one of the boss-lackeys called out, "Bobby, let\'92s talk." He waved for Bobby to come into the motorhome. \
Bobby looked at the rest of the guys already in the back of his truck waiting to go home. He shrugged at them. "Hang on. This shouldn\'92t take too long." He had never been called to the motorhome before. His confident demeanor covered a multitude of fears. \
When he opened the door, four men crowded the motorhome. There was no chair for him. He stood in front of them. "Close the door," said the foreman. \
His sweaty palm closed the door behind him. "What- up?" Dread rose from Bobby's stomach into his throat. \
"Where\'92s David?" asked the Foreman. \
The other three men Bobby didn\'92t recognize. Each sat in their fancy suits and ties with their arms crossed and legs splayed. 
\f1\i What idiot wear\'92s a tie out here? 
\f0\i0 Bobby thought. One wore glasses and should have had a pocket protector. Nerd. The big burley guy could eat the nerd for lunch with his gold tooth, gold jewelry, and dreadlocks. The third man, he exuded money and power. His suit, unlike the other two, was perfectly tailored in a material that shined even in this god-forsaken dust bowl.\
"He took the night off," Bobby responded to the foreman, but kept one eye on the burley guy.\
All three men looked him up and down.\
"You 
\f1\i vouched
\f0\i0  for him." The Gold-man said. \
"Yea sure, but I didn\'92t guarantee he\'92d work every night. He\'92s feeling a bit under the weather, I think. A guy's got a right to have a night off, you know." The men sat silent as Bobby blathered on. "Just needed some rest, that\'92s all." He took a breath. The silence hit his ears like bullets. Shut up, shut up. \
Bobby broke. "What\'92s the big deal?" \
"Sick, you say? Just needs rest?" said the foreman. \
"Yea, yeah, that\'92s all. He\'92ll be back soon." The words slipped out. 
\f1\i Why the hell did I say that? \
"
\f0\i0 Soon?" The foreman looked to the Money Man who gave him a slight nod. "Okay. You can leave." \
"What?" Bobby scanned the men but didn\'92t wait for an answer.\
Before he could escape the Nerd asked, "By the way, was that you on the old mine road yesterday about noon?\
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Damn it all.
\f0\i0  Bobby had passed a car he didn\'92t recognize on the way out after dropping off Suzie at her truck. He figured they didn\'92t know him either, so didn\'92t give it much thought\'96\'96there were trucks up and down this road all day; why would they think it was him? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://AA8C1530-977B-437C-BCB0-54CC1EEEFE9D"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 Bobby move into Suzies house}}\
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0 "Yesterday? Noon? No, no, can\'92t say it was me. You know, I can\'92t imagine what I\'92d be doing out there during the day at all. There\'92s lots of trucks 'round these parts\'96\'96" \
The burley man stood. "The man said, leave." \
\
}