{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi288\sb240\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Far Flier had told Diver that she was going to be absorbed in the Guardian Assembly for weeks, not able to visit Diver\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s out of the way cottage. Diver would just have to seek her out. She and Flier had many private routines that they had developed since the struggle with Hankori 20 years ago to maintain some kind of privacy. She knew one that would be perfect for this occasion. She let Flier know that she had a yen for their favorite berry salad, available at a small cafe near the Assembly hall. Flier was agreeable \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she\u8217\'92d meet Diver when today\u8217\'92s single sun was highest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Diver wanted to attract as little attention as possible. She wore very ordinary clothes. She decided not to fly, opting for the train, blending in with all of her fellow citizens. She went a little early. That was their routine when she came to the headquarters area \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  she would go on her own, and the Flier would pretend to bump into her. They were quite practiced at it, although they knew neither whether anyone was watching or whether they were fooled by the charade. After the events of 20 years ago, they took no chances.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She sat at the cafe, waiting. She realized how sad it was that she was sneaking around here, instead of enjoying the Assembly. They only occurred once every few years and she had always found them highly energizing. Spending time with other Guardian species, learning so much, renewing their sense of purpose \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  it was heady stuff that she no longer had access to. She remembered the last one she had been part of, just after Raefe had perished in his original timeline. She had led a whole workshop of cadets in understanding less evolved species. It had been a great moment for her, a feeling of standing on the edge of a high cliff, about to glide across a great valley, riding the winds as they swirled upward. And here she was, not even attending the Assembly, sneaking around nearby.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are young, my love, you will fly those winds again,\u8221\'94 Flier said, appearing suddenly in front of her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my, are my thoughts that obvious?\u8221\'94 she said, concerned that she was endangering them. She felt Flier in the waveform, not wanting to speak out loud.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Only to me,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93I know the windows to your thoughts that allow the breezes in and out. You needn\u8217\'92t worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Relieved, she offered Flier some berry salad. They sat on the terrace like any two friends, quietly eating their lunch. But their thoughts flowed back and forth along the private channels that they had created in the waveform. She told Far Flier what Anti and Adno had discovered, what she had seen for herself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anti was keen for you to know this,\u8221\'94 she let Flier know. \u8220\'93As, of course, am I. Is any of this familiar to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not at all,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And it\u8217\'92s quite embarrassing to say that. After all, I was head of the Guardian Council for some of this. But the Shadow people\u8217\'92s story, that is as ancient to me as to you. Yet it is a stunning tale. The Shadow Rubric \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  they have that on WaterEye?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, they were able to discover it buried deep in the archive. They can help you find it. I think it might answer many questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And pose new ones, too, I\u8217\'92m sure. And more timely than ever,\u8221\'94 Flier said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why is that?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s early yet, but I have a feeling that the leadership group will steer the Assembly in a certain way that seems harmless enough. But I sense that what they are talking about is just a smoke screen to hide a different agenda.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Such as?\u8221\'94 Diver wanted to know.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not obvious yet. But I\u8217\'92m sure it will be another step toward changing our mission from exploration and expansion to protection and stagnation. Green and his bunch are committed to that direction and skilled in steering us that way. So why should it be otherwise?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see the Shadow rubric as changing that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Potentially,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93I know you are no longer in contact with so many individuals from all of the other species in the Guardians. You\u8217\'92re not aware of what\u8217\'92s going on with their worlds, either. And some of that is kept from me, too. You can\u8217\'92t believe how dysfunctional and secretive it\u8217\'92s all become. Remember how we used to revel in richness of the waveform? The many funny thoughts from other species, the little bursts of insights we would gain from seeing life from another perspective \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  like the first time you entangled with Adno\u8217\'92s school?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How could I forget that?\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Literally like being thrown into the cold ocean but not drowning. You\u8217\'92re right, though, some of the other, more ordinary moments with other lifeforms have blended together. To be honest, I dwell in the stale air of my own house more than I should.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You think that\u8217\'92s your fault, but we all do now,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like we\u8217\'92re already halfway into these bottled, ordered electron clouds they want us to become, or whatever it is they have in mind. And I\u8217\'92m not the only one that feels that way. Here on Traveler\u8217\'92s Perch, the representatives from the other worlds are somewhat acclimated to it. But I know from some of them that people on their home world\u8217\'92s are beginning to sense that something\u8217\'92s changed and they are questioning it. I know Anti thinks that Adno\u8217\'92s people are the one example of a species that doesn\u8217\'92t quite fit with the rest of us. But I think it may not be so cut and dry. For one, I suspect one or two more have also hidden some of their abilities. And perhaps some others know that there are other species on their worlds who are also different, but have great potential to one day become Guardians, even if that\u8217\'92s half a million years from now. But maybe, just maybe, it\u8217\'92s also now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will you tell them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Somehow, yes,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93But I need to think on the best way to approach them. And we need to be extremely careful. I no longer even know who is really the core leadership of this insane immortality cult. Hankori may be just a figurehead now, but his paranoid logic infects them all. I have tried not to obsess about them and so have not observed them as closely or as furtively as we must now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now you will be glad that I taught you to hunt from the skies,\u8221\'94 she smiled. \u8220\'93And Anti reminds me that our ancestors did not hunt alone, that they were clever in the ways they confused their pray by working together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My lovely fish catcher,\u8221\'94 Flier said. \u8220\'93Everyone always thinks you\u8217\'92re a little nuts with your interest in the quaint old ways. Maybe you will have the last laugh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I could use a good laugh,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They talked a little longer about what to do next. Flier would ask Anti to see the Shadow rubric. Diver would do the same. It was important to take their time, to sink deep into this hidden knowledge until they truly understood it. Then they would know what to do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flier had to go back to the Assembly. Diver decided to fly back home, letting the sun warm her back as she remembered the power that she kept hidden under her feathers.}}