{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Time was up. The Cartel had not responded to my note. I hadn't really thought they would, but now they's see that I wasn't playing around. [//Todo/timelime - cartel's time is up from Suzie's first threat.]\
"Ok. They're all at the motorhome," Aiden whispered into his cell phone. "Vito Molina, is on board. Turns out he was threaten too, and it happy to stick it to them. Even if its dangerous. They way he figures it, the dry cleaner's isn't his anymore anyway, and as he said, he'd rather be dead than to help them with their drugs." \
"Got it. I'll need 40 minutes of less. Remember, stay in their line of site so you have a solid alibi. Text me if they head out. I'm turning off my ringer." \
"Suzie, be safe. Don't take any unnecessary chances."\
\
It was 9:00 p.m and still 102 degrees outside. I was around the corner from the dry cleaner. Aiden had confirmed that they had received a big money shipment in the morning. 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 [//Todo//scene on money shipment to dry cleaners?]
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0 \
Earlier today I had scouted each of the businesses Aiden and Caroline had determined where also laundering for the Cartel. I surveyed each of them for the entrances and exits, cameras, number of employees, working times. My decision was made while I was at the dry cleaners and Gold-man drove up in his fancy gold truck with a big stuffed duffle, but drove away with an empty duffle, causing me to drop off some laundry using a fake name, to scout the inside, and found camera's in front lobby. \
"Big brother is always watching, isn't he?" I asked the dry cleaner's clerk, a teenager, with enough tattoos on her arm to make it look like she wore a long sleeve shirt.\
The clerk looked to the cameras. "Shit yea. Those things." She shook her head in apparent disgust.\
"Do you get any privacy anywhere?" I said trying to sound sympathetic. \
"Back office, until next week. Then that will be watched to, I guess. Really sucks." \
"Yea, I bet. Sorry dude. No privacy anywhere, any more." \
The clerk handed me the pick-up ticket, nodding his head in agreement. \
The dry clearners it was. \
That earlier scouting, made this trip easier. I rounded the corner, making a beeline to the alley. A few feet away from the back door, I pushed up on the window frame, but it was locked, which for this neighborhood was unusual, but I guess the Cartel brought their big city worries with them. I grabbed a rag from a nearby bin, and wrapped my elbow in it before smashing the window. I stood still after the crash, listening into the night. When nothing stirred, I scrapped the remaining glass from its frame with a stick, and placed the rag over the sill, and put on my gloves. \
A bucket, flipped upside-down, raised me enough to get  through the window. I landed inside, on table underneath  the window. Kitty-corner to the window, was a bookshelf, behind which, Caroline had learned from the Vito, was a safe. I jumped off the table. The bookshelf looked heavy, so I anchored my heels into the back wall, squatted down a bit, and shoved the side of the bookcase.\
The bookcase slid like it was on ice, until it jammed into the opposite coroner. Books, papers and office supplies scattered on the shelves, some flying onto the floor. Gravity sucked me to the ground. My right knee and palm broke my fall before I landed on my right hip and rolled to my side. Laying on the ground, I could see come sort of small casters on the bottom of the bookshelf, hidden by the fake front molding. Well, that explains that. I was lucky it hadn't toppled over. \
Listening for any movement, I allowed my body a minute to recover. Once I was sure I hadn't obliterated my knee cap, I brushed myself off. Using the flash light from my pocket, I read the safe's combination from a slip of paper. Right three turns to 23, left past 16, then stop at 16, right to 6. 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 [//Todo/should the combination mean something]
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0  \
Click. \
Inside were stacks of money wrapped in paper bundles, and a few files. Holding the flash light in my mouth, I gathered multiple stacks at a time, filling my duffle bag. I checked my phone. \
I closed the safe, and moved the bookcase back. With no messages, I decided to try and clean up as much as possible to get the room looking like it did when I arrive. The broken window was a dead giveaway, but everything in its place might gain some time. \
 With the items on the bookcase straighten, stuff on the floor back on the shelves, and the window glass cleaned up and carefully wrapped in paper towels and put into my duffel, I check my phone again. Still no messages. I took in a deep breath. \
\
Back in the alley, I noticed some of the glass on the street and cleaned it up and tossed it and the glass in my duffle into a near by trash bin. With my pocket knife, I cut a piece of cardboard the size of the window, and used duck tape that I had taken from the office to cover the broken window. No longer needed the bucket, I moved it back near the dumpster. I glanced around noting that it looked just like when I had arrived.  With my duffle filled with cash and paperwork, I meandered through back alleys for ten blocks before reaching my truck.    \
}