{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Angel busted through the front of Jeb's store with his head on a swivel. Aiden managed to catch his eye, and motioned for him to go around back. \
By the time Aiden got outside, Angel was, panting, pacing and wringing his hand.\
"They took her. They took her. What do we do?" Angel said tugging at Aiden's arm. \
"Whoa, Angel. Slow down." The calm in Aiden's voice seems to slow Angel down. \
"The Cartel. They took Suzie." \
"What? How? When?" \
Angel told Aiden about the second threat that he helped deliver. \
"I knew it was her," Aiden said. \
"So Suzie thought they'd for sure deliver her Ma to the diner, but they got the jump on her instead." \
"How long ago?" \
"I ran right here, so no more than ten maybe 15 minutes? They tossed her in a dark blue Ford Pickup and drove in the direction of the mine."\
"Angel, you did great. Thank you. I'll take it from here. Now get out of here before someone see you."\
\
Aiden arranged to meet Mrs. Jones at the garage. There he relayed what Angel had seen.\
"I'm going to kill her if they don't." Aiden's face was flush, his veins pulsed. "What are we going to do?" \
"We've got to tell the FBI. Suzie's in serious trouble, and maybe her Ma too." 
\f1 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f0 //Todo/confirm when Aiden finds out that Susie's Ma is dead 
\f1 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f0 \
"Why should they believe us? There's no evidence they have either of them."\
"You infiltrated the Cartel for them, to help them build a case. If there ever was a time to leverage your relationship, now is it. \
"No. No. They'll charge in\'96\'96you saw the chaos they caused in town when they raided the cleaners, christ you would have thought they were breaking into Fort Knox\'96\'96and before they even get within a half-mile of the motorhome their sentries will have sounded the alarm, and, for sure, they'll kill her and her Ma before the FBI set foot in the camp. No, I can't risk it." }